=== PAGE 1 ===
A
AXIS BANK
TERM LOAN AGREEMENT
THIS AGREEMENT IS MADE at the place and date as specified in the Schedule between such
persons, whose name(s) and address(es) are as specified in the Schedule ("Borrower/s" which
expression shall unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof shall include its successors
and permitted assigns and all persons deriving/claiming title there under)
And
AXIS Bank Ltd., a company, incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 and a Banking
Company within the meaning of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and having its Registered
Office at 'Trishul', 3rd Floor, Opposite Samartheshwar Temple, Law Garden, Ellis Bridge,
Ahmedabad 380 006, Gujarat and one of the branch offices at the place as specified in the Schedule
(hereinafter referred to as the "Bank" which expression shall unless repugnant to the context or
meaning thereof shall include its successors and assigns)
WHEREAS the Borrower/s have requested the Bank and the Bank has agreed to provide Loan upto
the limit(s) as specified in the Schedule with full power to the Bank from time to time to renew or
reduce or enhance the limit or altogether withdraw the facility on the terms and conditions appearing
herein (hereinafter collectively and individually referred to as the "Loan", vide sanction letter details
of which are specified in the Schedule to this Loan Agreement.)
IT IS HEREBY AGREED BY AND BETWEEN THE PARTIES AS FOLLOWS
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.1 In this Agreement, the following meanings are applicable:
"Agreement" means this Loan Agreement for grant of the loan read in conjunction with the
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 2 ===
sanction letter more particularly detailed in the Schedule.
"Loan" means the loans with the limit(s) more particularly described in the Schedule granted by the
Bank in terms of this Agreement and shall include all the dues payable by the Borrower to the
Bank under this Agreement.
"Interest Rate" means the rate at which the Bank shall compute and apply interest on the
Loan, as stated in the Schedule or as may be amended from time to time by the Bank.
"Default Interest Rate" means the rate at which the Bank shall compute and apply
interest on all amounts not paid when due for payment (or reimbursement) by the
Borrower to the Bank, as stated in the Schedule or as may be amended from time to time
by the Bank.
"Event(s) of Default" means any of the events or circumstances specified in Clause 10A of
this Agreement.
"Parties" means the Bank and the Borrower referred to collectively.
1.2
In this Agreement unless the context otherwise requires:
(a)
Singular shall include plural and the masculine gender shall include
the feminine and neutral gender.
(b)
The expressions "Borrower(s)" and the "Bank", unless repugnant to
the context, shall include their respective legal heirs, representatives, successors,
executors, administrators and assigns, and, the word 'Borrower' shall also mean the
'Guarantor'
(c)
All or any other conditions as specified in the sanction letter shall form
an integral part of this Agreement and the sanction letter shall always be read in
conjunction with this Agreement at all times.
2.
BANK'S AGREEMENT TO LEND AND BORROWER'S AGREEMENT TO
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 3 ===
BORROW
2.1 The Bank agrees, based on the Borrower's Request, Representations, Warranties,
Covenants and Undertakings as contained herein and in the application for Loan and other
documents executed or tendered by the Borrower in relation to the Loan, to lend to the
Borrower and the Borrower agrees to borrow from the Bank, the Loan on the terms and
conditions as fully contained in this Agreement.
3.
FEES, CHARGES, COSTS AND CLAIMS
3.1 The Borrower shall bear all Charges/fees, including Service Tax, if any, as mentioned
in the Schedule, which the Borrower agrees to reimburse to the Bank separately.
3.2 Bank shall be entitled to debit all other amounts due and payable by the Borrower
under this Agreement (including but not limited to interest tax, fees, stamp duty,
processing fee, login fees, costs, service/prepayment and other charges, including on
account of execution and stamping of this Agreement and any other documentation or
security creation pursuant to this Agreement, claims and expenses including expenses
which may be incurred by the Borrower in the enforcement or attempted enforcement of
security created in favour of the Bank) to the Borrower's Loan account, unless separately
reimbursed to the Bank by the Borrower.
4.
DISBURSEMENT
4.1. The Bank shall, unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and the Bank,
disburse the Loan in lump sum or in suitable installments to be decided by the Bank, or in
the name of the Borrower (s) or in the name of the previous financier towards the repayment
of the previous loan to be taken over by utilising this Loan.
The Bank shall have an unconditional right to cancel the undrawn/unavailed/unused
portion of the Loan at any time during the subsistence of the Loan, without any prior notice
to the borrower, for any reason whatsoever. In the event of any such cancellation, all the
provisions of this Agreement and all other related documents shall continue to be effective
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 4 ===
and valid, and the Borrower shall repay the outstanding dues under the loan duly and
punctually as provided herein.
4.2
The Bank has absolute right to settle any indebtedness whatsoever owed
by the Borrower to the Bank under this Document or under any other document /
agreement, by adjusting, setting-off any deposit(s) and / or transferring monies lying to the
balance of any account(s) held by the Borrower with the Bank without giving prior notice
to the Borrower. However, the Bank will intimate the Borrower of such exercise of rights
under this clause within 2 working days. The Bank's rights hereunder shall not be affected
by the Borrower's bankruptcy, death or winding-up. It shall be the Borrower's sole
responsibility and liability to settle all disputes / objections with any such joint account
holders
4.3
The Bank may not, having disbursed any amount, disburse any further
amount under the Loan unless the following conditions are complied with in the sole
discretion of the Bank before such further disbursement:
1. No event of default shall have occurred;
2. The Borrower shall have produced all or any other documents or writings as required
by the Bank in its sole discretion, which shall be binding on the Borrower.
4.4
The Bank shall, unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and the
Bank, disburse the Loan in lump sum or in suitable installments to be decided by the
Bank, or in the name of the Borrower (s)or in the name of supplier/vendor's or in the name
of the previous financier towards the repayment of the previous loan to be taken over by
utilising this Loan. The disbursement such made shall be at the request of the borrower.
The borrower undertakes not to utilise the amount remitted to previous financier towards
takeover of the existing facilities.
5.
INTEREST & LOAN ACCOUNT
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 5 ===
5.1.
The Borrower agrees to pay interest on the Loan as per the
Schedule to this Agreement and the Interest rests shall be calculated at the rates more
particularly described in the Schedule.
THE Borrower/s is aware and confirms that the Bank shall at any time and from time to
time be entitled to review the rate of interest, and such revised rate of interest shall
always be construed as agreed to be paid by the Borrower(s) and hereby secured.
Borrowers shall be deemed to have notice of change in the rate of interest whenever the
change in the Interest Rate are displayed/notified at/by the Branch as per the Scheme of
the Bank. Interest on the Loan shall be computed and debited to the Loan Account -The
Bank may not, having disbursed any amount, disburse any further amount under the Loan
unless the following conditions are complied with in the sole discretion of the Bank before
such further disbursement:
i)
No event of default shall have occurred;
ii)
The Borrower shall have produced all or any other documents
or writings as required by the Bank in its sole discretion, which shall be binding on the
Borrower. At the intervals as stated in the Schedule
i)
Taking the basis of 365 days a year
ii)
At interest rate more particularly described in the Schedule
herein or as may be prescribed by the Bank from time to time and
5.2.
Interest Tax and other taxes/levies as may be applicable from
time to time on the Loan shall be borne solely by the Borrower.
5.3.
All amounts in default for payment (i.e. not paid by the
Borrower when due to the Bank), costs, charges and expenses debited to the Loan account
shall attract penal charges without there being any need to assign a reason for such revision
and interest and penal charges shall thereafter accrue at such revised rate(s) as per the
Schedule.
6.
REPAYMENT
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 6 ===
6.1. The Borrower/s shall repay to the Bank the amount in terms of the installments as
mentioned in the Schedule as shall remain due and owing to the Bank.
6.2. Borrower(s) agree(s) to keep bank account (details of which the Borrower(s) has/have
submitted to the Bank for setting up the Standing Instruction/NACH Mandate to recover
the EMI/Instalment) adequately funded at least one day prior to the repayment/EMI due
date.
6.3. Borrower(s) understand(s) and agree(s) that if the Borrower(s) fail(s) to fund the bank
account as aforesaid and the Standing Instruction/NACH Mandate fails to be honoured on
the repayment/EMI due date, Bank shall be at liberty to levy applicable charges as per the
Loan Agreement in addition to the other rights available to the Bank under this Loan
Agreement and applicable law/regulatory guidelines."
6.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any other document, the
Borrowers hereby jointly and severally, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee the
Loan availed by each and every other Borrower whose name is specified in the Schedule
(collectively as 'Guarantors') of this Agreement ("Group Guarantee"). Each Guarantor
jointly and severally undertakes to repay the said Loan forthwith upon demand without
any demur or protest, and hereby also confirms to have full knowledge of the transaction.
6.5 The Borrowers/Guarantors shall not be relieved in any manner whatsoever from
his/her obligations under this Agreement until the Loan availed by each of the Borrower(s)
are repaid in full by the respective Borrower(s), notwithstanding any pre-closure,
prepayment or recall of the Loan of all or any of the Borrowers."
7.
SECURITY
The repayment of the Loan to the Bank shall be secured in such manner as specified
in the Schedule.
The Bank shall be entitled to call upon the Borrower and the Borrower shall be liable to
furnish to the Bank additional and/or alternate security as decided by the Bank in the event
of any substantial deterioration in the value of the security and the Borrower shall be bound
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 7 ===
to provide any additional security or execute any further mortgage of any other property
satisfactory to the Bank within 30 days from the receipt of the letter from the Bank.
The Borrower shall execute any bonds, documents for the Loan and all such documents,
power of attorney(s)/undertakings and Agreements as may be required by the Bank at any
time during the pendency of this Loan.
8.
BANK'S RIGHTS
The Bank shall, in relation to the Loan:
a.
have the sole right at any time during the tenure of this Agreement to
revise/reschedule the repayment terms/amount or of any other amounts outstanding there
under and the Borrower shall make all future repayments to the Bank according to such
revised Schedule on being notified by the Bank of such revision or re-schedulement;
b.
have the sole right to amend any of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement including but not limited to revision of Interest Rate (including the Default
Interest Rate), periodicity of compounding interest, method of effecting credit of the
repayments without assigning any reason or notifying the Borrower and the Borrower
agrees that such revision shall become applicable from date of such revision in the records
of the Bank;
c.
have the right to receive and adjust any payment/s that it may receive as
an assignee of the insurance in relation to the Property and on the life of the Borrower
towards amounts due and/or payable by the Borrower under this Agreement;
d.
have the right to enter the Property, inspect books of accounts/assets
and records maintained by the Borrower, the cost of which shall be borne by the Borrower;
e.
have the right to obtain refinance against the Loan as it may consider
appropriate.
9.
BORROWER'S REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, COVENANT
AND
UNDERTAKINGS.
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 8 ===
9.1 With a view to induce the Bank to grant the Loan to each Borrower hereby
represents/warrants/covenants/undertakes with the Bank that it -
(a) has been duly formed and has the power to carry on its business as it is now being
carried on and to own its property and assets and has the power to borrow the Loans and
the authorised signatories have the authority to execute the loan documentation on
behalf of the Borrower;
(b) shall furnish to the Bank all such information, statements, particulars, estimates and
reports etc. as the Bank may require from time to time as to the compliance with the
terms of the Loan and shall also submit to the Bank, in form and detail satisfactory to
the Bank, unaudited half yearly income statements of the Borrower within 60 (sixty)
days of the close of each semi-annual period and copies of audited financial
statements including balance-sheet and profit and loss account (in detail and not in
the abridged form) within 120 (one hundred twenty) days after the close of each
financial year;
(c) shall not to enter into any scheme of merger, amalgamation, compromise or
reconstruction without the prior written consent of the Bank;
(d) shall not to permit any change in the ownership or control of the Borrower whereby
the effective beneficial ownership or control of the Borrower shall change, without
the prior written consent of the Bank;
(e) shall not to affect any material change in the management of the business of the
Borrower, without the prior written consent of the Bank;
(f) shall not to make any amendments in the Borrower's Memorandum and Articles
without the prior written consent of the Bank (in case of the Borrower being a
company);
(g) shall make available to the Bank such security in such form and substance as may be
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 9 ===
required by the Bank;
(h) shall always have until all his dues hereunder are not repaid to the Bank, a clear and
marketable title to the Property, free from all encumbrances whatsoever and shall not
during the tenure of the Loan either part with possession of or create third party rights
in the Property constituting the Bank's security or any part of it (whether by way of
sale, exchange, lease, mortgage, agreement or option or otherwise);
(i) has no major pending claims, demands, litigation or proceedings against him before
any court or authority (public or private);
(j) shall ensure/utilize the entire loan for that the purpose for which the Loan is advanced by
the Bank is fulfilled in all respects and produce to the Bank, the necessary documents, as
may be required by the Bank;
(k) shall not, during the tenure of this Agreement, avail of or obtain any further loan or
facility on the property constituting the Bank's security without the prior written
consent of the Bank
(1) Shall in addition to the statement/s required by the Bank furnish such other
information/documents concerning its trade, business, profession or otherwise as the
Bank may require from time to time;
(m) shall promptly inform the Bank of any loss or damage to the property constituting the
Bank's security due to any force majeure or Act of God;
(n) shall (in case of more than one Borrower) be jointly and severally liable to repay the
Loan, interest and all other sums due and payable under this Agreement and to
observe its terms and conditions;
(o) shall maintain the Property constituting the Bank's security in good order and habitable
condition and not allow it to deteriorate or commit any act which is destructive or
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 10 ===
permanently injurious to the property or do anything which will render the security in
favour of the Bank, insufficient;
(p) shall not stand surety or guarantor for any third-party liability or obligation;
(q) shall comply with all the terms of the Sanction letter and keep himself aware of the
rules of the Bank, as pertaining to this Loan, and in force from time to time
(r) shall ensure the officials of the Borrower executing this Agreement and the
documents to be executed in pursuance thereof are duly and properly holding office
and are fully authorised to execute the same;
(s) shall utilize the Loan only for the purpose sanctioned;
(t) agrees that any accretion to the said securities (if any) and other benefits from time to
time accruing in respect of the said securities or any part thereof shall also be
pledged/mortgaged with the Bank by the Borrower;
(u) agrees and undertakes that no such person whose name is appearing in the list of
Wilful defaulters shall be inducted on its board and that in case, such a person is
found to be on its Board, it would take expeditious and effective steps for removal of
such person from its Board.
(v) acknowledges and agrees that the Bank has a right to award a separate mandate to our
Auditor or any independent Auditor, as the Bank may deem fit with a view to obtain a
specific certificate regarding diversion /siphoning of funds by the Borrower. The
Borrower agrees and undertakes to co-operate with such Auditors and provide the
necessary information and/or documents as may be required by such Auditors. The
Borrower also agrees and undertakes to bear all the expenditure in respect of obtaining
the said Certificate and agrees to indemnify and keep the Bank indemnified in this
regard.
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 11 ===
10A) EVENTS OF DEFAULT
The Bank may by a written notice to the Borrower, declare all sums outstanding under the
Loan (including the principal, interest, charges, expenses) to become due and payable
forthwith irrespective of any agreed maturity forthwith and enforce the security created in
favour of the Bank for the Loan upon the occurrence (in the sole decision of the Bank) of
any one or more of the following:
(a) the Borrower commits any default in the payment of interest, principal, other charges
or any obligation and in the payment of any other amounts to the Bank when due and
payable;
(b) the Borrower fails to pay to any person other than the Bank any amount when due and
payable or any person other than the Bank demands repayment of the loan or dues or
liability of the Borrower to such person ahead of its repayment terms as previously
agreed between such person and the Borrower;
(c) the Borrower defaults in performing any of its obligations under this Agreement or
breaches any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement or any other security
documents, undertakings etc. executed in favour of the Bank;
(d) the death, failure in business, going into liquidation/dissolution, amalgamation or
reconstruction, except with prior written approval of the Bank, general assignment for
the benefit of creditors, if the Borrower suspends payment to any creditors or threatens
to do so, filing of any petition of winding up against the Borrower;
(e) any of the information provided by the Borrower to avail the Loan or any of his
Representations, Warranties herein being found to be or becoming incorrect or untrue;
(f) any person other than the Bank commencing proceedings to declare the Borrower
insolvent or if the Borrower shall become bankrupt or insolvent or commit act of
insolvency;
(g) the value of the any security created or tendered by the Borrower, in the sole
discretion and decision of the Bank, depreciates entitling the Bank to call for further
security and the Borrower fails to give additional security;
(h) the Borrower fails to create the security as provided herein; or
(i) the Bank, for any regulatory or other reasons, is unable or unwilling to continue the
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 12 ===
Loan;
(j)
if a Receiver is appointed in respect of the whole or any part of the property/assets of
the Borrower or if any attachment, distress, execution or other process against the
Borrower, or any of the securities is enforced or levied upon;
(k) if the Borrower ceases or threatens to cease or carry on its Business or if the Co-
Borrower opts to resign or retires from the employment prior to the age of
superannuation or is discharged or removed from service before such date for any
reason whatsoever;
(1) if it is certified by an Accountant of a Firm of Accountants appointed by the Bank
(which the Bank is entitled and hereby authorised to do so at any time) that the
liabilities of the Borrower exceed the Borrower's assets or that the Borrower is
carrying on business at a loss;
(m) if any circumstance or event occurs which would or is likely to prejudicially or
adversely affect in any manner the capacity of the Borrower to repay the Loan or any
part thereof (or the implementation of the Project).
(n) if the Loan or any part thereof is utilized for any purpose other than the purpose for
which it is applied by the Borrower and sanctioned by the Bank;
(o) if any attachment, distress, execution or other process against the Borrower, or any of
the securities is enforced or levied upon;
(p) if any circumstance or event occurs which is prejudicial to or impairs or imperils or
jeopardizes or is likely to prejudice, impair, imperil, depreciate or jeopardize any
security given by the Borrower or any part thereof;
(q) if the Borrower, without prior written consent of the Bank, attempts or purports to
create any charge, mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, lien or other encumbrance over
the Borrower's property or any part thereof, which is or shall be the security for the
repayment of the said Dues except for securing any other obligations of the Borrower
to the Bank;
(r) upon happening of any substantial change in the constitution or management of the
Borrower without previous written consent of the Bank or upon the Management
ceasing to enjoy the confidence of the Bank;
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 13 ===
(s) if the Borrower fails to furnish any information or documents required by the Bank;
(t) if the Borrower fails to furnish to the Bank detailed end use statement of the Loan as
and when so required by the Bank within the time prescribed by the Bank;
(u) all or substantially all of the undertaking, assets or properties of the Borrower or its
interests therein are seized, nationalized, expropriated or compulsorily acquired by
the authority of Government.
Notice on the happening of an Event of Default
If any event of default or any event which, after the notice or lapse of time or both would
constitute an event of default shall have happened, the Borrower shall forthwith give the
Bank notice thereof in writing specifying such event of default, or such event. The Borrower
shall also promptly inform the Bank if and when any statutory notice of winding-up under the
provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 or any other law, or of any suit or legal process
intended to be filed/initiated against the Borrower, is received by the Borrower.
10B) Consequences of default:
1.
In the event of any default as above, the Bank shall have the right -
a) to recover the entire dues of the Loan,
b) to suspend any withdrawal to be effected in the Loan account,
c) take possession of the security so created whether by itself or through any of the
Recovery Agents or Attorneys as may be appointed by the Bank.
d) take any other action as it may deem fit for recovery of its dues and enforcement of
the securities.
2.
Further, the Bank shall be entitled to forthwith take physical possession of the assets
hypothecated and/or mortgaged to the Bank and alienate sell, transfer the said
properties either by itself or through its agents and sell or otherwise deal with the
same to enforce the Bank's security and recover the dues.
3.
The Borrower agrees and undertakes not to prevent or obstruct the Bank from taking
possession of the properties irrespective of whether the loan has been recalled
whenever in the opinion of the Bank, there is an apprehension of any money not being
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 14 ===
paid or the Bank's security is being jeopardized and that the Bank's representatives will
be entitled to sell, give on rent, or otherwise deal with the properties by public or
private auction or private treaty, without being liable for any loss, and to apply the net
proceeds thereof as specified in these presents.
4.
The Borrower shall pay any deficiency, forthwith, to the Bank. The Bank shall also be
entitled to adjust and a right of set-off on all monies belonging to the Borrower
standing to his credit in any account whatsoever with the Bank, towards payment of
such deficiency. Nothing contained in this clause shall oblige the Bank to sell, hire or
deal with the properties and the Bank shall be entitled to proceed against the Borrower
independent of such other security. The Borrower agrees to accept the Bank's
accounts in respect of such sale, hire, dealing or otherwise as conclusive proof of the
correctness of any sum claimed to be due from the Borrower. In case of any deficit, the
deficit amount shall be recovered by the Bank from the Borrower.
5.
The Bank may at the risk and cost of the Borrower engage one or more person(s) to
collect the Borrower's outstanding and/or to enforce any security and may furnish to
such person the right and authority to perform and execute all acts, deeds, matters and
things connected therewith or incidental thereto as the Bank thinks fit.
11. APPOINTMENT OF THE BANK AS THE BORROWER'S ATTORNEY
11.1 The Borrower hereby appoints the Bank as its true and lawful attorney to do and execute
for and in the name and on behalf of the Borrower and where the Borrower is more
than one individual, jointly and severally, all or any of the acts, deeds and things,
specified therein.
12 ASSIGNMENT AND TRANSFER.
12.1 The Bank shall have a right to sell or transfer (by way of assignment, securitisation or
otherwise) whole or part of the Loan and outstanding amounts under the Loan or any
other rights and obligations of the Bank under this Agreement or any other document
pursuant hereto to any person/entity in a manner or under such terms and conditions
as the Bank may decide in its sole discretion without reference to or intimation to the
Borrower.
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 15 ===
12.2 The Borrower expressly agrees, in the event of sale or transfer as aforesaid, to accept
such person to whom the Loan is sold or transferred as his lender and make the
repayment of the Loan to such person as may be directed by the Bank.
12.3 The Borrower shall not be entitled to directly or indirectly assign his rights or
obligations under this Agreement in part or in whole to any person.
13. MISCELLANEOUS
13.1 Without prejudice to the Bank's other rights and remedies, the Bank shall be entitled
to charge at its own discretion enhanced rates of interests on the outstanding in the
loan accounts or a portion thereof or for any default or irregularity on the Borrower's
part which in the opinion of the Bank warrants charging of such enhanced rates of
interests for such period as the Bank may deem fit.
13.2 It is hereby agreed between the parties that the Schedule may be amended, revised,
and substituted by way of written communication by the Bank to the Borrower from
time to time. Such correspondences between the Bank and acceptance thereof by the
Borrower shall be deemed to be an integral part of this Agreement and shall be read
in conjunction thereof.
13.3 The parties agree that any delay or omission by the Bank in exercising any of its rights,
powers or remedies as the lender of the loan under this Agreement and other
documents pursuant hereto shall not impair the right, power or remedy or be construed
as its waiver or acquiesce by the Bank.
13.4 The Borrower agrees to accept the statement of account sent by the Bank or by any
other authorized representative of the Bank as conclusive proof of the correctness of
any sum claimed to be due from him.
13.5 The Parties confirm that this Agreement and its Schedule and any other
documentation pursuant to it represents one single agreement between the Parties.
13.6 This Agreement supersedes all prior discussions and representations between the
parties, including the Bank brochure, save with respect to the obligations of and
representations made by the Borrower to the Bank set forth in any correspondence,
application forms or otherwise made or agreed to be made howsoever.
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 16 ===
13.7 The addresses of the parties shall be as mentioned under the Schedule. The Borrower
shall forthwith inform the Bank of any change in his Address.
13.8 The Bank may, in its own discretion without assigning any reason and upon written
notice mailed or delivered to the Borrower cancel the Loan herein granted and
demand repayment thereof. Delivery of such notification by the Bank shall constitute
sufficient notice of such cancellation, and thereupon the said loan, all interest due and
payable thereon and all liabilities and other obligations of the Borrower there under to
the Bank including interest, and other charges shall become due and payable by the
Borrower immediately to the Bank.
13.9 Any notice or request required or permitted under this Agreement to be given by
either party to the other shall be only in writing and sent on the address of the other
Party as mentioned in the Schedule (or in case to the Borrower, on the address of the
Borrower last known to the Bank):
13.10
Any notice or demand hereunder shall be in writing, signed by any of the Bank's
officers and may be made by leaving the same or sending it through the post
addressed to the Borrower at the address specified above or the address last known to
the Bank; and a notice or demand so given or made shall be deemed to be given or
made on the day it was so left or, as the case may be, two business days following that
on which it was so posted, and shall be effectual notwithstanding that the same may
be returned undelivered and notwithstanding the Borrower's change of address.
13.11
The Borrower shall indemnify and keep the Bank indemnified against all
actions, suits, proceedings and all costs, charges, expenses, losses, or damages which
may be incurred or suffered by the Bank by reason of any false or misleading
information given by the Borrower to the Bank hereunder or any breach / default /
contravention / non-observance / non-performance by the Borrower of any terms,
conditions, agreements and provisions hereunder. The Bank shall be entitled to include
any amount payable by the Borrower under this Clause in the said dues being the
subject matter of this Agreement.
13.12
If any provision of this Agreement is illegal, invalid or unenforceable for any
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 17 ===
reason it will be severed from the remaining provisions, which will remain
unaffected.
13. BANKS APPOINTMENT OF AGENT.
The rights, powers and remedies available to the Bank under Law and under these
presents shall be exercised by the Bank through any of its employees or agents and
the Bank may delegate any or all of the said powers and authorities to such employee
or agent.
14. INSURANCE
i. The Borrower/s shall at all times during the currency of the Loan, at its own cost, keep
the said property constituting the Bank's security fully insured against such risks and for
such amounts and for such period and forms as the Bank may require, in the joint
names of the Bank and the Borrower/s or with the usual Bank mortgage clause, with
such insurance company or companies of repute to be approved by the Bank in
writing and shall deposit the insurance policies and all cover notes premium receipts
etc. with the Bank. The Borrower/s agrees that in addition to the aforesaid insurance it
shall arrange for insurance cover in respect of standing charges and loss or profit in
business in the event of any stoppage of production for any reason whatsoever. The
Borrower/s shall make punctual payment of all premium and shall not do or suffer to
be done any act which may invalidate such insurance and will on receipt of any
monies under the said policies, pay the same to the Bank which shall, at the option of
the Bank, be applied either in reinstating or replacing the security or in repayment of
the said Dues. If the Borrower/s fails to insure or keep insured all/any of the
property/assets as aforesaid, then the Bank shall without prejudice to or affecting its
rights hereunder, be at liberty (but not bound) to insure and keep the same insured
and the Borrower shall on demand repay to the Bank all amounts spent or incurred by
the Bank in doing so, with interest at the rate applicable for the Loan as aforesaid.
ii.
"Kindly note that insurance plan(s) from the insurance partner(s) engaged by the
Bank ('such insurance partner(s)') are made available for your convenience and in
case you opt for the same, we can assist you in the enrolment of the chosen plan. It is
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 18 ===
clarified that purchase of the insurance cover from such insurance partner(s) shall be
voluntary/optional and is not linked to availment of any product(s)/service(s) from the
Bank. You may choose to avail the insurance cover from such insurance partner(s) or
from any other insurance providers."
16. CIBIL Disclosure Clause
(a) Each Borrower / Guarantor also agrees, undertakes and confirms as under:
Each Borrower / Guarantor understands that as a precondition relating to the grant of
and/or continuing the grant of Loan / Credit Facility to the Borrower, the Bank
requires the Borrower's consent for the disclosure by the Bank of, information and data
relating to the Borrower, of the Loan / Credit Facility availed of/to be availed by the
Borrower, in discharge thereof.
Accordingly, the Borrower / Guarantor hereby agrees and gives consent for the
disclosure by Bank of all or any such:
information and data relating to the Borrower;
the information of data relating to its Loan / Credit Facility availed of/to be
availed by the Borrower and
default, if any, committed by the Borrower, in discharge of the Borrower's such
obligation;
as the Bank may deem appropriate and necessary, to disclose and furnish to
Credit Information Bureau (India) Limited ["CIBIL"] and any other agency
authorised in this behalf by Reserve Bank of India ["RBI"].
The Borrower declares that the information and data furnished by the Borrower to the
Bank are true and correct.
The Borrower also undertakes that:
CIBIL and any other agency so authorized may use, process the said information
and data disclosed by the Bank in the manner as deemed fit by them; and
CIBIL and any other agency so authorized may furnish for consideration, the
processed information and data disclosed, or products thereof prepared by them, to
Bank(s)/Financial Institution(s) and other Credit Grantors or Registered Users, as
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 19 ===
may be specified by the RBI in this behalf.
(b) The Borrower agrees, undertakes and authorizes the Bank to exchange, share or part with
all the information, data or documents or other information as mentioned in Clause
16(a) above and also the information relating to the conduct of the Borrower's accounts,
credit history or repayment record, with other Banks / financial institutions involved in
the financing arrangement to the Borrower, whether under consortium or multiple
banking or sole banking arrangement and also with the banks/ financial institutions
intending to finance the Borrower, as the Bank may deem necessary or appropriate as
may be required for use or processing of the said information / data by such banks/
financial institutions or furnishing of the processed information / data to other banks /
financial institutions / credit providers and the Borrower shall not hold the Bank liable
in any manner for use of such information.
(c) The Borrower agrees that in case the Borrower commits a default in payment or
repayment of any amounts in respect of the Facilities, the Bank and / or RBI will have an
unqualified right to disclose or publish the details of the default and the name of the
Borrower, its directors, partners, as the case may be, as defaulters, in such manner and
through such medium as the Bank or RBI in their absolute discretion may think fit.
(d) Each Borrower/Guarantor hereby gives specific consent to the Bank/Lender for
disclosing / submitting the 'financial information' as defined in Section 3(13) of the
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 ('Code' for brief ) read with the relevant
Regulations/ Rules framed under the Code, as amended and in force from time to time
and as specified there under from time to time, in respect of the Credit/ Financial
facilities availed from the Bank/ Lender, from time to time, to any 'Information
Utility' ('IU' for brief) as defined in Section 3(21) of the Code, in accordance with the
relevant Regulations framed under the Code, and directions issued by Reserve Bank of
India to the banks from time to time and hereby specifically agree to promptly
authenticate the 'financial information submitted by the Bank/Lender, as and when
requested by the concerned 'IU'
15. All communications to the borrower could be made by the Bank to the e-Mail ID and
any change thereof would be communicated by the borrower to the Bank in writing and
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 20 ===
all such communications for changing the e-mail ID from time to time shall deemed to
form part and parcel of this agreement.
16. Term loans sanctioned at yearly intervals will be reset at yearly intervals. The reset
dates and frequency shall be displayed on the Axis Bank website.
17. Bank can change the reset frequency for the loans on a later date at its sole discretion.
18. The MCLR prevailing on the day the loan account is opened will be applicable till the
next reset date, irrespective of the changes in the MCLR during the interim period
19. Borrower is deemed to have noticed the changes in the rate of interest whenever the
changes in MCLR are displayed / notified at/by the branch or website/published in the
newspaper/made through entry of interest charged in passbook/statement of account
sent to the borrower.
17. Engagement of Recovery Agents
To take possession/ control of such Property/ security , whether directly or through
any receiver, recovery agent, manager attorney, or other person as may be appointed
by the Bank to exercise all or any of the powers and rights vested in the Bank under
the Loan Agreement and/or any other related transaction documents and/or as
available to it in law, who shall be deemed to be the agent of the Bank, including for
or in relation to perfection, preservation, valuation, enforcement of Security Interest,
possession, sale, auction, private treaties of Security Interest, etc.., It shall be lawful
for the Bank or its agents to enter into or take possession under the provisions
contained in any of the documents entered in relation to the Security Interests
henceforth and to hold and enjoy the same and to receive the rents and profits thereof
without any interruption or disturbance by the Borrower and/ or the Security Providers
or persons claiming by, through, under or in trust for the Borrower and/ or the Security
Providers.
18. Grievance Redressal Mechanism
i. For any grievances in relation to the Term loan, the Borrower may raise any
complaint/concerns through www.axisbank.com/support or call the Bank's customer
care 1800-419-5577 Toll Free. The Bank shall endeavour to resolve the grievances and
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 21 ===
provide an appropriate response with respect to such complaints/concerns raised by the
Borrower in a timely manner. For further details on the grievance redressal policy of
the Bank, the Borrower can access and read the grievance redressal policy of the Bank
available at www.axisbank.com/support
»
Additional Information
»
Grievance
redressal policy.
ii. Contact details of Nodal Grievance Redressal Officer
nodal.officer@axisbank.com,
Ph. 91-080-61865200
9.30 AM to 5.30 PM-Monday to Saturday
(Except 2nd & 4th Saturdays and Bank Holidays)
pno@axisbank.com;
Ph. 91- 080-61865098
9:30 AM to 5:30 PM- Monday to Saturday
(Except 2nd & 4th Saturdays and Bank Holidays)
Additional terms and conditions:
[Term Loans] Bank will deduct my/our EMI and other repayment/charges in terms of my
Term Loan account on - of every month/quarter/half year commencing from / /20_. I
understand that if I do not pay my EMI on the above-mentioned date, my account will be
considered as 'Overdue' from the end of that date.
[CC/OD] Bank will deduct my/our interest and other repayment/charges in terms of my
CC/OD account on of every month/quarter/half year commencing from / /20_. I
understand that if I do not pay my dues on the above-mentioned date, my account will be
considered as 'Overdue' from the end of that date.
My frequency of repayment shall be at
rests.
4.1
Classification as Special Mention Account (SMA) and Non-Performing Asset (NPA)
(i)
Dues: shall mean the principal / interest / any charges levied on the loan account
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 22 ===
which are payable within the period stipulated as per the terms of sanction of the Loan
/ Credit Facility.
(ii)
Overdue: shall mean the principal / interest / any charges levied on the loan account
which are payable but have not been paid within the period stipulated as per the terms
of sanction of the Loan / Credit Facility. In other words, any amount due to the bank
under any Loan / Credit Facility is 'overdue' if it is not paid by the due date fixed by
the bank.
(iii)
Relevance of the principle of 'First In First Out' (FIFO) in appropriation of
payments into the Borrower's account: The principle of FIFO i.e. 'First In, First
Out' accounting method is relevant to arrive at the number of days overdue for
determining the SMA/NPA status. The FIFO principle assumes that the oldest
outstanding dues in the loan account needs to be cleared first. The FIFO method thus
requires that what is due first must be paid by the Borrower first. For example, if in
any loan account as on 01-02-2021, there are no overdues and an amount of INR X is
due for payment towards principal instalment / interest / charges, any payment being
credited on or after 01-02-2021 in the loan account will be used to pay off the dues
outstanding on 01-02-2021.
Assuming that nothing is paid / or there is partial payment (INR Y) of dues during the
month of February, the overdue as on 01-03-2021 will be INR X - INR Y.
Additionally, an amount of INR Z becomes due as on 01-03-2021. Now any payment partial
payment into the account on or after 01-03-2021 will be first utilized to pay off the partial
due of 01-02-2021 (INR X - INR Y). If there is more recovery than the INR X - INR Y,
then after recovering dues of 01-02-2021, the remaining amount will be treated as recovery
towards due of 01-03-2021.
(iv)
Age of oldest dues:
The age of oldest dues is reckoned in days from the date on which the oldest
payment is due and continues to remain unpaid. In the aforesaid illustration, if
the dues relating to 01-02-2021 remain unpaid till 01-03-2021, the age of the
oldest dues is reckoned as 29 days on 02-03-2021.
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 23 ===
(a)
Classification as Special Mention Account (SMA) and Non-Performing Asset (NPA)
Lending institutions will recognize the incipient stress in loan accounts,
immediately on default, by classifying them as Special Mention Accounts
(SMA). The basis of classification of SMA / NPA category shall be as follows:
Loans other than revolving facilities
Loans in the nature of cash credit / overdraft
Basis for classification -
Basis for classification - Outstanding
SMA Sub-
Principal or interest payment
SMA Sub-
balance remains continuously in excess of
categories
or any other amount wholly
categories
the sanctioned limit or drawing power,
or partly overdue
whichever is lower, for a period of:
SMA 0
Upto 30 days
NA
NA
More than 30 days and Up
SMA 1
SMA 1
More than 30 days and Up to 60 days
to 60 days
More than 60 days and
SMA 2
SMA 2
More than 60 days and Up to 90 days
Up to 90 days
(b) Non-performing Asset:
Non-Performing Asset (NPA) is a loan or an advance where:
(i)
Interest and/or instalment of principal remains overdue for a period of more than 90
days in respect of a term loan,
(ii)
The account remains 'out of order' as indicated below, in respect of an Overdraft / Cash
Credit (OD / CC),
(iii)
The bill remains overdue for a period of more than 90 days in the case of bills
purchased and discounted,
(iv)
The instalment of principal or interest thereon remains overdue for two crop seasons for
short duration crops
(v)
The instalment of principal or interest thereon remains overdue for one crop season for
long duration crops.
(vi)
The amount of liquidity facility remains outstanding for more than 90 days, in respect
of a securitization transaction undertaken in terms of the Reserve Bank of India
(Securitisation of Standard Assets) Directions, 2021.
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 24 ===
(vii)
In respect of derivative transactions, the overdue receivables representing positive
mark-to-market value of a derivative contract, if these remain unpaid for a period of 90
days from the specified due date for payment.
(c) 'Out of Order' Status:
An account shall be treated as 'out of order' if:
(i)
the outstanding balance in the CC/OD account remains continuously in excess of the
sanctioned limit/drawing power for 90 days, or
(ii)
the outstanding balance in the CC/OD account is less than the sanctioned limit/drawing
power but there are no credits continuously for 90 days, or the outstanding balance in
the CC/OD account is less than the sanctioned limit/drawing power but credits are not
enough to cover the interest debited during the previous 90 days period.
Illustrative movement of an account to SMA category to NPA category based on delay I
non-payment of dues and subsequent upgradation to Standard category at day end
process:
Age of
SMA/NPA
SMA since
NPA
Due date of
Payment
oldest
NPA
date
Payment covers
dues in
categorizati
date / SMA
categorizati
payment
Date
on
class date
days
on
01.01.2022
01.01.2022
Entire dues upto 01.01.2022
0
NIL
NA
NA
NA
01.02.2022
01.02.2022
Partly paid dues of
1
SMA-0
01.02.2022
01.02.2022
NA
NA
01.02.2022
02.02.2022
Partly paid dues of
2
SMA-0
01.02.2022
NA
NA
01.02.2022
Dues of 01.02.2022 not fully
01.03.2022
paid 01.03.2022 is also due
29
SMA-0
01.02.2022
NA
NA
at EOD 01.03.2022
Dues of 01.02.2022 fully
paid, Due for 01.03.2022 is
1
SMA-0
01.03.2022
NA
NA
not paid at EOD 01.03.2022
No payment of full dues of
01.02.2022/
01.02.2022 and 01.03.2022
31
SMA-1
NA
NA
03.03.2022
at EOD 03.03.2022
Dues of 01.02.2022 fully
paid, due for 01.03.2022 not
1
SMA-0
01.03.2022
NA
NA
fully paid
at
EOD
01.03.2022
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 25 ===
No payment of dues of
01.02.2022, 01.03.2022 and
01.02.2022/
01.04.2022
60
SMA-1
NA
NA
amount dues on 01.04.2022
02.04.2022
at EOD 01.04.2022
No payment of dues of
01.02.2022
01.02.2022
till
61
SMA 2
/
NA
NA
01.04.2022
at EOD
02.04.2022
02.04.2022
No payment of dues of
01.02.2022
01.05.2022
01.02.2022
till
90
SMA 2
/
NA
NA
01.05.2022 at EOD
02.04.2022
01.05.2022
No payment of dues of
01.02.2022
till
02.05.20
91
NPA
NA
NA
01.05.2022 at EOD
22
02.05.2022
Fully paid dues of
01.06.2022
01.06.2022
01.02.2022 at EOD
93
NPA
NA
NPA
02.05.20
22
01.06.2022
Paid entire dues of
01.07.2022
01.07.2022
01.03.2022
&
62
02.05.20
NPA
NA
NPA
01.04.2022 at EOD
22
01.07.2022
Paid entire dues of
02.05.20
01.08.2022
01.08.2022
01.05.2022
& 01.06.2022
32
NPA
NA
NPA
22
at EOD 01.08.2022
Paid entire dues of
01.09.202
01.07.2022
&
02.05.2
01.09.2022
1
NPA
NA
NPA
2
01.08.2022 at EOD
022
01.09.2022
Standard
STD
01.10.202
Paid entire dues of
Account
from
01.10.2022
01.09.2022
&
0
2
with No
NA
NA
01.10.2022
01.10.2
Overdues
022
(e) The Borrower agrees and acknowledges that the manner of classification and
illustrations of SMA and NPA as provided in sub-clauses
(a) to (d) above in which the Bank is required to classify accounts as SMA / NPA as per the
various applicable regulations and guidelines issued by RBI from time to time and:
(i)
the same is liable to change / be modified as per the requirements of the RBI guidelines
in the matter issued from time to time. Any such change shall be intimated by the Bank
to the Borrower from time to time and the Borrower agrees and acknowledges that such
intimation shall accordingly modify the manner and illustrations provided herein without
a need for further amendment to the Agreement or require specific acknowledgment of
the Borrower; and
(ii)
the Bank shall have the right to classify the account of the Borrower with the Bank as
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 26 ===
SMA / NPA as per the applicable regulations / guidelines issued by RBI from time to
time even though the manner of classification and the illustrations thereof are not set
forth in this Agreement or the Sanction Letter(s).
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 27 ===
Annexure - Repayment Schedule of Term Loan
Term Loan -1
Due Date
Instalment
Principal Amount (In
Interest (In Rupees)
Number
Rupees)
For repayment schedule, please refer to Annexure C of the Key Fact Statement (KFS)
enclosed along with the Sanction Letter
I/We have been informed that the repayment of our EMI/instalment and other
repayments/charges will be on Monthly rests and will be due on
of every
Month commencing from
. I/We understand that if I/We failed to pay
EMI/instalment for the Loan availed by me/us on the above-mentioned date, my/our account
will be considered as 'Overdue' from the end of that date. Unless an earlier demand for
repayment is made by Axis Bank Ltd, the Principal and the Interest and costs and charges, if
any on Loan, will be payable by the me/us as per the repayment terms stipulated for Loan
availed by the respective Borrower/s from the later of the date of execution of this
Agreement / disbursement of the Loan. All repayments shall be applied to costs, charges,
Interest and the balance finally towards the Loan. Any extension of the repayment period for
the Loan shall be at the sole discretion of Axis Bank Ltd.
Term Loan -2
Due Date
Instalment
Principal Amount (In
Interest (In Rupees)
Number
Rupees)
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 28 ===
For repayment schedule, please refer to Annexure C of the Key Fact Statement (KFS)
enclosed along with the Sanction Letter
I/We have been informed that the repayment of our EMI/instalment and other
repayments/charges will be on Monthly rests and will be due on
of every
Month commencing from
. I/We understand that if I/We failed to pay
EMI/instalment for the Loan availed by me/us on the above-mentioned date, my/our account
will be considered as 'Overdue' from the end of that date. Unless an earlier demand for
repayment is made by Axis Bank Ltd, the Principal and the Interest and costs and charges, if
any on Loan, will be payable by the me/us as per the repayment terms stipulated for Loan
availed by the respective Borrower/s from the later of the date of execution of this
Agreement / disbursement of the Loan. All repayments shall be applied to costs, charges,
Interest and the balance finally towards the Loan. Any extension of the repayment period for
the Loan shall be at the sole discretion of Axis Bank Ltd.
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 : 2024

=== PAGE 29 ===
SCHEDULE
Sr.
Title
Details
no.
1.
Place of
Execution
2.
Date of the
Agreement
3.
Name and
Address of the
(Name of the Borrower(s) / SHG group and Members)
Borrower/s
Shri / Smt
, son / daughter of Shri
, aged
years, residing at
.
Shri / Smt
, son / daughter / wife of
Shri
AND Shri / Smt
, son / daughter / wife of Shri
on
behalf
of
Self Help Group, having its location
at
.
4.
Address of the
AXIS Bank
Branch
5.
Limits of the Loan
Amount in figures: Rs.
Amount in words: Rupees
only.
6.
Sanction Letter
Reference no.
,
Dated
7.
Nature of the
Rupee Term Loan
Loan
8.
Tenure of the
years
Loan
9.
Interest Rate
At
% above Marginal Cost of Funds
Based Lending Rate (MCLR), i.e., at
%p.a;
Current MCLR at
%p.a
10.
Periodicity of
Monthly / Quarterly / Half-yearly / Yearly rests
Interest
Compounding
11.
Penal Charges
Financial Default*: : 8% p.a. above applicable interest rate on the
overdue amount (subject to the aggregate not exceeding Rs.1,00,000/-
per instance).
Term Loan Agreement Version.4: 2024

=== PAGE 30 ===
There shall be no capitalization of Penal Charges.
The said Penal Charges will be subject to GST as per applicable law on
Goods and Service Tax in India, and GST will be charged separately.
Non-Financial Default** 1% p.a. above applicable interest rate /
commission from the date of each non-financial default on the
outstanding amount of fund-based credit facilities and non-fund-based
facilities (as applicable).
*Financial Default includes all types of payment or financial
defaults/irregularities with respect to your Loan Account.
**Non-Financial Default includes breach of any other
obligation(s)/covenant(s) with respect to your Loan Account.
12.
Prepayment
Not Applicable.
Charges
Please refer to the Key Facts Statement (KFS) enclosed with the Sanction
Letter for all details of charges
13.
Other
Please refer to the Key Facts Statement (KFS) enclosed with the Sanction
Charges/Fees
Letter for all details of charges
14.
Foreclosure
For Term Loans : 2% of Principal Outstanding. (This will vary as per
Charges
individual product, and not applicable for GSS Loans)
In case of Micro and Small Enterprises (MSE) customers, no prepayment
charges are applicable if: i. Loan amount is up to Rs.50 Lakhs under fixed
rate loans, or ii. Loans with floating interest rates (irrespective of the loan
limit)
15.
Repayment
As per Key Facts Statement (KFS) enclosed with Sanction Letter
Schedule
16.
Security
(a) Simple Mortgage/Equitable Mortgage of property situated at
(if applicable)
owned by
(b) Hypothecation of
assets
(c) Pledge of shares of:
(d) Guarantee of:
(e) Security: Not Applicable
<Please strike off whichever is not applicable as per Sanction Letter>
FOR AN INDIVIDUAL
Borrower
Term Loan Agreement Version.4 2024

=== PAGE 31 ===
*FOR THE COMPANY
THE COMMON SEAL OF :
Limited
having its registered office at :
has been hereunto
affixed pursuant to the resolution of its Board of Directors passed at the
Meeting held on the :
day of
in the presence of
Mr./Ms.:
*FOR PARTNERSHIP FIRM
Name
:
Place of business
:
Signed and delivered on behalf
of the Borrower by its partners : Mr./Ms.
Mr./Ms.
Mr./Ms.
*IN CASE OF PROP. CONCERN
For M/s.
(name of the prop. concern)
(Proprietor)
*IN CASE OF HUF
For
(HUF)
Term Loan Agreement Version.4: 2024

=== PAGE 32 ===
*IN CASE OF TRUST / SOCIETY / Self Help Group / Joint Liability Group
For
(name of
Trust/Society/Group)
(Authorized Signatory)
FOR THE BANK
Signed and delivered by AXIS Bank Ltd
through its authorized signatory
*PLEASE DELETE THE ENTRY WHICH IS NOT APPLICABLE
Term Loan Agreement Version.4: 2024