
=== PAGE 1 ===

deutsche bank
1
serial no.:
personal loan application form
if applicant is an existing customer of deutsche bank ag, please quote the customer id:
(individual applicant)
(please fill details in capital letters. all fields marked in blue are mandatory)
kyc number
1. personal details of the borrower
title mr. ms. mrs. dr. prof. others (please specify)
name as per aadhaar
first name middle name last name
date of birth ddmmyyyy nationality
mother s maiden name gender male female third gender
pan gir no. father s spouse name
passport no. nrega job card
voter id no. aadhaar no. dl no.
marital status single married others p leasespecif number of dependents
full name (if abbreviation provided above)
proof of identity submitted
residential address present address
address line 1
address line 2
city state pin code
residential tel. no. (mandatory) tel. no. is landline c/o no. mobile
std code
country of residence
place of birth
the above address can be used for all my existing db relationships: yes no
registered for gst yes no
if no, reason for not being registered under gst individual below threshold non resident other
if yes, please fill in the gstin form
e-mail
residential status self-owned rented house parent-owned company provided
mortgaged paying guest/hostel / chummery others pleasespecify
period of residence in current home years months
period of residence in current city years months
proof of address submitted


=== PAGE 2 ===

address as per aadhaar (mandatory if different from residential address)
address line 1
address line 2
city state pin code
tel. no.(l) mobile
std code
education high-school diploma graduate
postgraduate and above professional others pleasespecify
non resident means anyone who is not a resident of india including foreign nationals.
2. employment profession details
nature of employment salaried housewife retired
if salaried, type of employer public sector government private limited partnership / proprietorship
mnc public limited
designation department retirement age
total years in employment/business
name of last employer years of service with last employer years months
if professional, are you ca banker lawyer consultant doctor academician others
years in current employment/business
gross monthly income rs. net take home income (monthly) rs.
other income (monthly) rs. emi affordable rs.
office/business address details
name of employer/business
address line 1
address line 2
city state pin code
country board no. extension
std code
email telephone (d)
std code
3. banking relationships
1. primary bank account (salary account for salaried individuals) 2. other bank account details
name of bank name of bank
location location
city city
account no. account no.
type of account savings current cc/od type of account savings current cc/od
4. credit card
if you have credit cards, kindly fill in the following details:
card 1 card 2
credit card no. credit card no.
bank name bank name
5. loan details
details of loans and liabilities
sr. no. institution name type of loan loan amount emi current o/s balance tenure
kindly attach additional sheet, if need arises. if loan taken from employee kindly mention employer s name


=== PAGE 3 ===

6. loan requirement
i hereby apply for a personal loan as follows:
purpose of loan consumer durables working capital home-related expenses wedding expenses
repayment of existing loans education travel purchase of professional equipment
others pleasespecify
loan amount required rs. loan tenor required months
7. disbursal instructions
please disburse my loan as per the following instructions:
by pay order to my savings account with
account no.
i wish to pay my monthly installment by
debit from my saving account with deutsche bank, account number
electronic clearing service (ecs) / nach
8. contact details
preferred address for correspondence present address permanent address office address
preferred mode of conduct preferred e-mail phone (l) mobile personal visit residence visit office do not call
time of contact before 7 am 7 am - 9 am 10 am - 6 pm 7 pm- 9 pm anytime during the day
reference 1 reference 2
name name
address address
contact number contact number
relationship with relationship with
the applicant the applicant


=== PAGE 4 ===

declaration
i hereby declare that the information and documents given by me / us to deutsche bank ag, india ( bank ) are true, correct and accurate and i
have not withheld any material information. i understand that such information and documents have been submitted to induce the bank to
sanction and grant the loan. i confirm that the bank is not required to return this loan application form along with the supporting documents or
any other documents supplied by me. i have carefully read and understood the terms and conditions of this application as well as the terms
and conditions of the loan facility. i hereby irrevocably agree to be bound by the terms and conditions governing the loan facility, which may be
amended from time to time by the bank without obtaining consent of me. i hereby declare that i am fully competent to apply for the loan and
there is no legal impediment for availing the loan facility from the bank. i confirm that there are no bankruptcy or liquidation proceedings
instituted against me and i am not an undischarged insolvent and that none of my credit facilities / loans with any financial institution has
turned / bad / irregular or is under default. i hereby authorise the bank to contact me and / or my friends, relatives, employer (past and
present), business associates or any other source to verify the details furnished by me. i also authorise the bank to conduct such credit check
as it considers necessary in its sole discretion. i understand and agree that the sanction of the loan shall be at the sole discretion of the bank,
and the bank reserves its right to reject this loan application without providing any reasons. i hereby consent, agree and authorise the bank to
disclose information and data relating to me, information and data of any credit facilities availed of / to be availed of by me, and / or information
and data relating to any default, if any, committed by me in discharge of my obligations as and when the bank deems appropriate and
necessary and furnish the same to the credit information bureau (india) limited (cibil) and / or any other agency as deemed necessary at the
sole discretion of the bank. i agree to provide to the bank such further documents as may be required by the bank from time to time to comply
with the know your customer (kyc) requirements of the reserve bank of india and
the bank.
i further agree that my loan should be governed by the terms and conditions laid down in this application form, sanction letter and
loan agreement.
i will update the bank in case of any change in my / my related party / ultimate beneficiary owner details provided at the time of opening the
account which includes address change, change in industry, change in employment etc. i hereby consent, agree and authorise the bank to
disclose and share information and profile data relating to me / us with risk scoring systems and global data bases of the bank for profile
checks.
the information including landline, mobile and email-id as mentioned above (apart from being used for mandatory account verification and
maintenance purposes) may also be used by the bank to contact the customer and offer carefully selected products and services from time to
time either itself or through its authorised agents or authorised representatives.
by submitting aadhaar number/copy of aadhaar card to deutsche bank, i/we confirm and agree that the bank has duly explained to me/us
that submission of aadhaar number / aadhaar card is no longer mandated for the purpose kyc for bank accounts and i/ we have the option to
submit any other documents considered as a valid proof for the purpose of kyc as per the reserve bank of india direction. however, i/we are
providing my/our aadhaar number/aadhaar card, as proof to deutsche bank voluntarily for the purpose of kyc and i confirm that i have struck
off the aadhaar number from the copy of the aadhaar card submitted by me to deutsche bank. i/we further confirm that deutsche bank is
authorized to collect, store and use my/our aadhaar as proof of address/kyc document in accordance with extant rules and regulations.
my / our personal / kyc details may be shared with central kyc registry. i/ we hereby consent to receive information from central kyc
registry through sms / email on the above registered number / email address.
the bank shall share the information provided in the application form with the credit information companies (cics). basis this information, cic
would provide the credit information report to the bank. the bank may use this credit information report while taking decision on grant of loan
facility. the bank on the request of the customer shall share credit information report with her / him / them.
please indicate if your are agreeable to receiving such offers: yes no
applicant s signature (sign within the box and use black ink for signature)
name location date dd m yyyy


=== PAGE 5 ===

customer disclosure in respect to relationship with director/senior officer of the bank/any other bank:
i/ we hereby certify and declare that (tick whichever is applicable):
(a) i/ we am/are not a director or a specified near relation of a director of board of a banking company or to any senior officer of the bank
(where the borrower is an individual);
(b) none of our partners is a director or specified near relation of a director of board of a banking company or to any senior officer of the bank
(where the borrower is a partnership firm); and
(c) none of our directors is a director or specified near relation of a director of board of a banking company or to any senior officer of the bank
(where the borrower is a joint stock company).
(d) i/ we am/are a director or specified near relation of a director of a board of a banking company or to any senior officer of the bank as detailed
below:
sr. no name of director(s) / senior officer(s) designation relationship
1
2
3
4
i/ we understand that deutsche bank ag, india is entitled to revoke and/ or recall the credit facility if the declaration made by me / us with
reference to the above is found to be false.
x
signature of the applicant
date:
the scope of the term relative shall mean and include spouse/ father, mother (including step-mother), son (including step-son), son s wife,
daughter (including step-daughter), daughter s husband, brother (including step-brother), brother s wife, sister (including step-sister), sister s
husband, brother (including step-brother) of the spouse, sister (including step-sister) of the spouse.
the term senior officer will refer to a)any officer in senior management level in grade iv and above in a nationalised bank, and b) any officer in
equivalent scale in the state bank of india and associate banks, and in any banking company in india.
for bank use only
sales reference no.
promotion code
application received on ddmmyy
office use only section
industry codes
01 advertising and marketing 14 power and electricity 27 infrastructure
02 agriculture 15 railways 28 law
03 airlines 16 recruitment 29 manufacturing
04 armed forces 17 retailing 30 medical and health care
05 automobile 18 service provider 31 ministry and state government
06 banking and insurance 19 shipping 32 pharma and biotech
07 construction and real estate 20 entertainment and media 33 post and telegraph
08 ca/cs/icwa 21 export and import 34 textile
09 courier and cargo 22 financial services 35 trader and stockist
10 doctor and diagnostics 23 gem and jewellery 36 timber furniture
11 education 24 government bodies 37 transport/logistics
12 consulting 25 hotel and restaurant 38 travel and tourism
13 electrical electronic goods 26 it telecom 39 others
industry type
complete supporting document received on ddmmyy
submitted completed application documents to bank ddmmyy
on executive name co de
i am proposing this case for credit approval.
sales/ channel manager s name signature
date ddmmyy
application reference number date of serial no.:
entering information ddmmyy


=== PAGE 6 ===

most important terms and conditions
i/ we declare that i/ we have been intimated and i/ we understand that:
- the interest rate applicable on my/ our loan will be tblr premium % % on floating rate
- currently applicable tblr for my/ our loan is %
- charges on the loan will be applicable as per the schedule of charges published on the website from time to time and also available at branches of
deutsche bank. current charges are as follows
- penal interest, pre-closure terms and all other charges will be applicable as per the schedule of charges published on the website currently as follows:
fee type charges
loan prepayment terms fixed rate loans:
- 5% of the principal outstanding at the time of closure if the loan is closed
within 1 year from the date of disbursement
- 3% of the principal outstanding at the time of closure if the loan is closed
after 1 year from the date of disbursement
- no part payment is allowed
floating rate loans:
- nil prepayment charges
- part payment is allowed
charges for unsuccessful execution of standing instruction for payment/ cheque/ ecs/ nach/ 500/-
bounce charge
default interest rate (penal interest) 24% per annum on the overdue/ unpaid/ delayed amount payable
post date cheques / ecs / nach / si swap charges 500/-
stamp duty on loan agreement as applicable depending on local regulations
taxes and other government levies as applicable
- penal interest will be charged for the number of days for which the payable amount remains unpaid.
- total documentation and processing fees to be paid by me/ us is % of the loan amount; tax as applicable. the processing fees will be
deducted from my final loan amount disbursed.
- 3 - months treasury bill yield published by financial benchmarks india private limited (fbil) to a markup. in the event the predetermined reference rate is tblr (3 - months treasury bill linked benchmark lending rate) which is determined by adding government of india
date is not a business day, then the immediately succeeding business day s rate will be used.
- the markup comprises of factors like operating cost, alm cost or any other parameter determined by the bank from time to time.
calculated tblr is rounded off to the nearest 0.05% to arrive at the applicable tblr. the tblr as arrived at above will be published by the
bank and shall act as the reference rate for determining the applicable rate of interest payable on my/our loan
- interest rate reset dates for floating rate loans would be jan 16, apr 16, jul 16 and oct 16 of each calendar year during the loan tenor.
- the bank states that tblr prevailing on the date of first disbursement shall be applicable till the next reset date irrespective of the changes
in the benchmark in the interim. similarly effect of any subsequent change of tblr due to the change in the applicable 3 - months treasury
bill yield on that day shall be applicable from the next date irrespective of the changes in between two reset dates.
- the interest rate on my/our floating rate loan, is linked to tblr. interest on the loan will be charged at prevailing floating rate of interest on a
daily reducing balance at monthly rests. the rate of interest is subject to revision from time to time due to (i) changes in tblr or (ii) revision
even without change in tblr, the bank has the option to reduce or increase the emi or extend the repayment period or both consequent upon
revision in interest rate.
- with the rbi guidelines. i/ we understand that the bank can seek my/ our latest information and collect the required kyc documents on periodical basis in compliance
- at present, i/ we do not wish to get included my/ our contact details with do not call registry/ national do not call registry and i/ we take
note to update my/ our contact details with these registries whenever i/ we wish to.
i/ we have read and agreed to the above terms and conditions. i/ we haven t signed a blank document/ application form.
regards,
(primary applicant signature) (primary applicant name)


=== PAGE 7 ===

most important terms and conditions
i/ we declare that i/ we have been intimated and i we understand that:
- the interest rate applicable on my/ our loan will be tblr premium % % on floating rate
- currently applicable tblr for my/ our loan is %
- charges on the loan will be applicable as per the schedule of charges published on the website from time to time and also available at branches of
deutsche bank. current charges are as follows
- penal interest, pre-closure terms and all other charges will be applicable as per the schedule of charges published on the website currently as follows:
fee type charges
default interest rate 24% per annum
loan prepayment terms fixed rate loans:
- 5% of the principal outstanding at the time of closure if the loan is closed
within 1 year from the date of disbursement
- 3% of the principal outstanding at the time of closure if the loan is closed
after 1 year from the date of disbursement
- no part payment is allowed
floating rate loans:
- nil prepayment charges
- part payment is allowed
charges for unsuccessful execution of standing instruction for payment/ cheque/ ecs/ nach/ 500/-
bounce charge
default interest rate (penal interest) 24% per annum on the overdue/ unpaid/ delayed amount payable
post date cheques / ecs / nach / si swap charges 500/-
stamp duty on loan agreement as applicable depending on local regulations
taxes and other government levies as applicable
- penal interest will be charged for the number of days for which the payable amount remains unpaid.
- total documentation and processing fees to be paid by me/ us is % of the loan amount; tax as applicable. the processing fees will be
deducted from my final loan amount disbursed.
- 3 - months treasury bill yield published by financial benchmarks india private limited (fbil) to a markup. in the event the predetermined reference rate is tblr (3 - months treasury bill linked benchmark lending rate) which is determined by adding government of india
date is not a business day, then the immediately succeeding business day s rate will be used.
- the markup comprises of factors like operating cost, alm cost or any other parameter determined by the bank from time to time.
calculated tblr is rounded off to the nearest 0.05% to arrive at the applicable tblr. the tblr as arrived at above will be published by the
bank and shall act as the reference rate for determining the applicable rate of interest payable on my/our loan
- interest rate reset dates for floating rate loans would be jan 16, apr 16, jul 16 and oct 16 of each calendar year during the loan tenor.
- the bank states that tblr prevailing on the date of first disbursement shall be applicable till the next reset date irrespective of the changes
in the benchmark in the interim. similarly effect of any subsequent change of tblr due to the change in the applicable 3 - months treasury
bill yield on that day shall be applicable from the next date irrespective of the changes in between two reset dates.
- the interest rate on my/our floating rate loan, is linked to tblr. interest on the loan will be charged at prevailing floating rate of interest on a
daily reducing balance at monthly rests. the rate of interest is subject to revision from time to time due to (i) changes in tblr or (ii) revision
even without change in tblr, the bank has the option to reduce or increase the emi or extend the repayment period or both consequent upon
revision in interest rate.
- with the rbi guidelines. i/ we understand that the bank can seek my/ our latest information and collect the required kyc documents on periodical basis in compliance
- at present, i/ we do not wish to get included my/ our contact details with do not call registry/ national do not call registry and i/ we take
note to update my/ our contact details with these registries whenever i/ we wish to.
i/ we have read and agreed to the above terms and conditions. i/ we haven t signed a blank document/ application form.
regards,
(primary applicant signature) (primary applicant name)


=== PAGE 8 ===

kyc details
know your customer documents (please refer www.deutschebank.co.in for complete list of documents)
type of proof copy of any one of the following:
identity proof valid passport / voter s id/ valid driving license/ pan
card/ aadhaar card/ job card issued by nrega
address proof valid passport/ voter s id/ valid driving license/ pan card/ aadhaar card/ job card issued by nrega
income documents
type of proof salaried
last 3 month s salary slip
financials latest year form 16 or itr
last 6 month s salaried bank statement
acknowledgement
branch
received the loan application form, from mr. / ms. on
(any additional details/documents required, should be supplied immediately on intimation. in such a case date of receipt of such additional information
shall be treated as the date of application.)
decision shall be conveyed in writing within a maximum period of 21 days from the date of receipt of application.
any grievances/disputes arising in this regard, should be made in writing to customer.care@db.com or call 1860 266 6601.
customers outside india need to dial 91 22 6601 6601. customers in mumbai can also call at 6601 6601. call charges apply.
date ddmmyyyy
11/21
