
=== PAGE 1 ===

yes bank
version october 2024
home loan agreement
yaswanth kumar reddy
customer name
hl2025
application id
product yes-premier home loans yes-khushi home loans
index
terms and conditions applicable to home loan 1
disbursal request form 7
declaration for submission of pdc 8
standing instruction and debit authorization 8
property being purchased from a resident indian exceeding 50 lacs 9
property being purchased from an nri: 9
priority sector lending: 9
dual signature 9
9
dual name
dual dob/no dob proof 10
reduction in loan amount 10
declaration cum indemnity 11


=== PAGE 2 ===

yes bank
terms and conditions applicable to home loan
named in the schedule-cum-key fact statement hereto (hereinafter referred to as the schedule ) to the context being or borrowers meaning thereof, and co-
the person(s) hereinafter collectively referred to as borrower which expression shall, unless it be repugnant or a limited liability partnership,
borrowers, in the event that the borrower is a company within the meaning of the companies act, 2013 is a partnership firm for the
shall include: under (i) the limited liability partnership act, 2008, its successors; (ii) in the event that the borrower legal heirs, executors
incorporated of the indian partnership act, 1932, the partners for the time being and from time to time and their respective the sole proprietor and
purposes administrators, legal representatives and successors; (iii) in the event that the borrower is a sole proprietorship, individual, his/her legal heirs,
and her legal heirs, administrators, executors and legal representatives; (iv) in the event that the borrower the karta is an and or each of the adult
his/ and executors; (v) in the event that the borrower is a joint hindu undivided family, the any event that the borrower
administrators of the huf and their survivor(s) and his / her / their respective heirs, executors, administrators; (vi) in in the
members society, the members of the governing body of the society and any new members elected, appointed or co-opted thereon; administrators (vi)
event is a that the borrower is a trust, the trustee or trustees for the time being thereof and their respective legal heirs, executors,
and successors. in favour of:
bank limited, a company within the meaning of the companies act, 2013 and a banking company having license as such from the
reserve yes bank of india under the provisions of the banking regulation act, 1949, and having its registered office at yes bank house, off
western express highway, santacruz east, mumbai - 400055, hereinafter referred to as the bank which expression, unless it be
repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, shall include its successors and assigns.
the borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to abide by the following terms and conditions:
1. in case of there being more than one borrowers (i.e. there being co-borrowers), the reference to the term borrower shall be deemed to
be as if it were plural and this document shall be read accordingly as if made and liabilities undertaken by each of them jointly and
severally. reference to the masculine gender includes reference to the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa.
2. pursuant to the application made by the borrower in the loan application form ( application ), loan sanctioned/as may be sanctioned
by the bank for an amount not exceeding the amount mentioned in the schedule hereto (hereinafter referred to as loan ), shall be
governed by these terms and conditions.
3. the loan shall be subject to and upon the terms and conditions contained in the application, sanction letter and/or this document. the
bank may disburse the loan / facility or any part thereof ( disbursement ) at its own discretion. notwithstanding anything contained
herein, the bank may at its sole discretion, suspend or cancel the loan /facility if the same is not utilized within 15 days of the issuance
of instrument /instruction for disbursement, or (ii) the borrower may cancel the loan within 15 days of disbursement; provided that in
case of each (i) and (ii) the cancellation shall take effect only when the borrower has paid to the bank in full the total outstanding balance
(defined hereinafter) including all the interest, and all other charges. the borrower shall use the loan only for the purpose stated in the
application and not for any other purpose including making investment in the capital market or any speculative or illegal or anti-social
purpose.
4. the loan, interest, compound interest, penal charges, any other charges, dues and monies payable, costs and expenses reimbursable,
as outstanding from time to time and whether any of them due or not, are hereinafter collectively referred to as outstanding balance .
the borrower shall pay interest on the loan, the unpaid due interest and all other outstanding charges and monies (except the penal
charges), at the rate of interest specified in the schedule hereto, on the outstanding daily balance from the date of disbursement,
compoundable at monthly rests. the bank in its sole discretion would be entitled to change the said rate of interest from time to time
including on account of changes made by the reserve bank of india, which would be intimated to the borrower and would be binding
upon the borrower. the borrower shall also pay and bear all interest tax, if any, as applicable from time to time. the borrower shall repay
the loan and pay the interest that is due from time to time by way of equated monthly installments (emis) as specified in the schedule or
as may be specified by the bank from time to time (time being the essence of the contract). in case of any default, the borrower shall
without prejudice to bank s other rights and remedies, pay penal charges at the rate mentioned in the schedule hereto/ application or as
may be prescribed by the bank, over and above the then applicable rate of interest till full payment is made/default is cured. this liability
shall not act as justification for any default.
5. governing law and jurisdiction
this agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of india and both parties hereby submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts or tribunals of the branch of the bank where disbursement was made. however, the said
exclusivity shall not restrict the bank to pursue before any other courts/tribunals of competent jurisdiction at any other place.
the system generated key fact statement (kfs) shall be attached along with this document, only for
physical execution of agreement. pg. 1


=== PAGE 3 ===

yes bank
arbitration (including online dispute resolution( odr )
odr aims to make the justice delivery system affordable, accessible, cost-effective, predictable, reliable and transparent, while
ensuring independence and impartiality of the arbitrators and the alternative dispute resolution mechanism.
i. any dispute, difference, controversy or claim(s) arising out of, relating to, or in connection with this agreement , or loan
or other transaction documents , or in any way relating hereto, or any terms, conditions or provision herein mentioned
the construction or interpretation thereof or otherwise in relation thereto (each a dispute ), the parties shall first or
endeavour to resolve such dispute by mutual discussion, failing which the same shall be referred to arbitration, before
sole arbitrator to be appointed from the panel maintained by an agency or institution, independent, impartial and neutral, a
engaged in providing odr mechanism, enlisted by the bank on an arm s length basis and in accordance with the
arbitration and conciliation act, 1996, or any statutory amendments thereof, from time to time being in force.
ii. all proceedings of such arbitration shall be in the english language. the seat and venue of the arbitration shall be the place
of the branch of the bank where disbursement was made or such other place as the bank may determine. in case, the
arbitration is via odr, the seat and venue shall be in india and can be conducted online and all the digital records of the
odr proceedings shall be preserved in india.
iii. the arbitrators engaged by the agency/institution (including those providing odr mechanism) are not directly or indirectly
chosen by the bank.
iv. parties jointly agree and authorise the bank to decide on the agency/institution and to engage with them to provide the
name(s) of the arbitrator(s) on their panel.
v. the arbitrator appointed by the said agency/institution shall carry out the arbitration proceedings either physically or via
odr, as mutually decided by the parties .
vi. the parties shall submit their pleadings along with documentary evidence, if any, to the sole arbitrator through the
appointed agency/institution.
vii. in the event of death, refusal, neglect, inability, or incapability of the person so appointed to act as an arbitrator, a new
arbitrator shall be appointed in place of the said arbitrator, as may be mutually agreed between the parties. the award of
the arbitrator shall be final and binding on all parties concerned. all expenses in relation to such arbitration shall be borne
by the respective party in accordance with the award of the arbitrator or by the party against whom an award is passed,
as the case may be.
viii. the existence or subsistence of a dispute between the parties , or the commencement or continuation of arbitration
proceedings, shall not, in any manner, prevent or postpone the performance of those obligations of parties under this
agreement which are not in dispute, and the arbitrator shall give due consideration to such performance, if any, in making
a final award.
6. the borrower hereby agrees and acknowledges that the facility shall be subject to the guidelines issued by reserve bank of india ( rbi ),
from time to time, and that in case of any failure/default/delay in payment/ repayment/ reimbursement, as the case may be, of any interest/
commission/ principal amounts under the facility, the facility may be classified as special mention account ( sma ) and/ or non
performing asset ( npa ) in accordance with the guidelines issued by the rbi, from time to time.
the borrower further agrees, acknowledges and confirms that immediately upon any default, the account of the borrower may be
classified as sma as follows, subject to the guidelines issued by rbi, from time to time:
in case of the facility is not sanctioned on revolving basis in case of the facility is sanctioned on revolving basis
sma sub- basis for classification - principal or sma sub- basis for classification - outstanding balance
categories interest/ commission payment or any other categories remains continuously in excess of the sanctioned
amount wholly or partly overdue limit or drawing power, whichever is lower, for a
period of:
sma-1 sma-0 more than 30 days and upto 60 days upto 30 days sma-1 - more than 30 days and upto 60 days
sma-2 more than 60 days and upto 90 days sma-2 more than 60 days and upto 90 days
the system generated key fact statement (kfs) shall be attached along with this document, only for
physical execution of agreement. pg. 2


=== PAGE 4 ===

yes bank
version october 2024
further, the borrower is aware that the account of the borrower may be classified as npa in accordance with rbi master circular
- prudential norms on income recognition, asset classification and provisioning pertaining to advances, as amended from time
to time and other applicable guidelines issued by rbi, from time to time.
the borrower irrevocably and unconditionally agrees and confirms that it shall not raise any dispute regarding the classification of
the facility/borrower s account as sma and/ or npa in accordance with the above and as per guidelines issued by rbi, from time
to time.
the borrower hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that the welcome letter and repayment schedule shall form an integral
part of the loan agreement and shall be read long with the schedule mentioned in the loan agreement. the commercial terms
governing the loan facility including the exact breakup between principal and interest, and other charges shall be shared with the
borrower along with the welcome letter which shall be binding on the borrower.
illustrative movement of an account to sma category to npa category based on delay i nonpayment of dues and
subsequent upgradation to standard category at day end
due date payment payment covers age of sma/npa sma since npa npa
of date oldest categoriza date/ sma categ date
payment dues in tion on class date orize
day action
01.01.2022 01.01.2022 entire dues up to 01.01.2022 0 nil na na na
01.02.2022 01.02.2022 partly paid dues of 01.02.2022 1 sma-0 01.02.2022 na na
01.02.2022 01.02.2022 partly paid dues of 01.02.2022 2 sma-0 01.02.2022 na na
01.03.2022 dues of 01.02.2022 not fully paid 29 sma-0 01.02.2022 na na
01.03.2022 is also due at eod
01.03.2022
dues of 01.02.2022 not fully paid, 1 sma-0 01.03.2022 na na
due for 01.03.2022 not paid at eod
01.03.2022
no payment of full dues of 01.02.2022 31 sma-1 1.02.2022/3. na na
and 01.03.2022 at eod 03.03.2022 03.2022
dues of 01.02.2022 fully paid , due 1 sma-0 01.03.2022 na na
for 01.03.2022 not fully paid at eod
1.03.2022
01.04.2022 no payment of dues of 01.02.2022, 60 sma-1 1.02.2022/3. na na
01.03.2022 an amount due on 03.2022
01.4.2022 at eod 1.04.2022
no payment of dues of 01.02.2022 till 61 sma-2 01.02.2022/ na na
01.04.2022 at eod 02.04.2022 02.04.2022
01.05.2022 no payment of dues of 01.02.2022 till 90 sma-2 01.02.2022/ na na
01.05.22 at eod 01.05.2022 02.04.2022
no payment of dues of 01.02.2022 till 91 npa na npa 02.05
01.05.22 at eod 02.05.2022 2022
01.06.2022 01.06.2022 fully paid dues of 01.02.2022 at eod 93 npa na npa 02.05
01.06.2022 .2022
01.07.2022 01.07.2022 paid entire dues of 1.03.2022 62 npa na npa 02.05
01.04.2022 at eod 01.07.2022 .2022
01.08.2022 01.08.2022 paid entire dues of 1.05.2022 32 npa na npa 02.05
01.06.2022 at eod 01.08.2022 .2022
01.09.2022 01.09.2022 paid entire dues of 01.07.2022 1 npa na npa 02.05
01.08.2022 at eod 1.09.2022 .2022
01.10.2022 01.10.2022 paid entire dues of 01.09.2022 0 standard na na std
01.10.2022 account from
with no 01.10
overdue .2022
the system generated key fact statement (kfs) shall be attached along with this document, only for
physical execution of agreement. pg. 3


=== PAGE 5 ===

yes bank
version october 2024
the borrower understand that the aforesaid few examples are illustrative and not exhaustive in nature covering common
scenarios, and that, the iracp norms and clarifications provided by rbi on the subjects referred above will prevail.
7. the original security/property documents, if any, submitted by the borrower at the time of availing the loan facility, will be returned to the
borrower upon receiving full payment and closure of the loan account within a period of thirty (30) days. post closure of the loan, the bank
will issue the necessary no objection certificate (noc) to the borrower for the removal of the charge registered with the relevant
registries. original property/security documents after the full repayment/ settlement of the loan account, can be collected from any retail
asset loan centre - https://www.yesbank.in/branch-atm-locator.
8. the borrower agrees, acknowledges, and undertakes to pay any charges, fees, service charges, or levies that may be imposed in the
future by government authorities or any entities constituted by the government. this includes, but is not limited to, any charges arising
from the introduction of new rules, regulations, guidelines or amendments to existing laws.
9. engagement of recovery agents: the borrower expressly recognizes and accepts that the bank shall, without prejudice to its right to
perform such activities itself or through its officers or employees, be entitled and have full power and authority to appoint one or more
third parties as the bank may select and to delegate to such third parties all or any of its functions, rights, and powers under this agreement
relating to the administration of the loan, including the right and authority to collect and receive on behalf of the bank from the borrower
any payments and other amounts due by the borrower under this agreement and to perform and execute all lawful acts, deeds, matters,
and things connected therewith and incidental thereto, including sending notices, attending the residence or office of the borrower or
otherwise contacting the borrower, receiving cash/cheques/drafts/mandates from the borrower, and giving valid and effectual receipts
and discharge to the borrower. for the purpose aforesaid, the bank shall be entitled to disclose to any such third parties all necessary or
relevant information pertaining to the borrower and the loan, and the borrower hereby consents to such disclosure by the bank.
10. grievance redressal mechanism: the borrower may register a complaint regarding their loan facility via email to
yestouch@yesbank.in or by calling the bank s call center at 1800 1200 (toll free). if the complaint is not resolved within the
communicated time frame, the borrower may escalate the issue to grievance redressal officer via email to
head.grievanceredressal@yesbank.in or call on 91 (22) 50795173. you may visit our website https://www.yesbank.in/contact-us for
further details. the bank shall within 30 days, resolve the complaint, failing which the borrower would have the option to escalate the
same with the concerned banking ombudsman or the customer education and protection cell (cepc) in rbi.
the borrower hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees and undertakes to and shall also be bound by the general terms and conditions
(version august 2024) available at https://www.yesbank.in/pdf name hl general tnc august24.pdf (or scan the qr code below)
which have been read and understood by the borrower, and shall be deemed to be part and parcel of these terms and conditions and are
deemed to have been incorporated herein by reference. for evidence purposes in any court of law or arbitration or before any authority, any
paper printouts produced by the bank from its electronic records shall be final and binding on the borrower and the borrower waives any
objection it may have for the same being produced by the bank as proof and in such evidence.
scan to view general terms and conditions applicable to home loan
the system generated key fact statement (kfs) shall be attached along with this document, only for
physical execution of agreement. pg. 4


=== PAGE 6 ===

yes bank
version october 2024
name of borrowers
name of the applicant yaswanth kumar reddy
name of co-applicant / guarantor 1 jagan cbn mohan reddy
name of co-applicant / guarantor 2
name of co-applicant / guarantor 3 pawan kalyan
cartt applicant co-applicant/ jaan guarantor 1 cbn rk
co-applicant/ guarantor 2 co-applicant/ guarantor 3
signed and delivered by the applicant co-applicant(s) in token of and in witness of them having read (and/or being explained), verified,
understood, irrevocably agreed to, accepted, confirmed and declared all the clauses of the terms and conditions of this loan document, the
schedule, all contents thereof including all the general terms and conditions contained available in bank s website, and authenticated accuracy
and correctness of the same.
please do not sign this agreement if it is blank. ensure all the relevant sections and documents are duly filled.
accepted by yes bank limited (signed by authorized signatory)
the system generated key fact statement (kfs) shall be attached along with this document, only for
physical execution of agreement. pg. 5


=== PAGE 7 ===

yes bank
vernacular declaration:
(wherever applicable, to be obtained only in case of physical execution of the document)
witness declaration borrower(s) signs in vernacular language
the contents of the loan application form, terms and conditions for facility letter/sanction letter reference no. hl2014 and all other linked
transaction documents, have been explained by me to the borrower in hindi (name of language in which borrower has signed) and
the same have been understood by the borrower.
name of witness address of witness signature of witness
ka. paul jalapatham -
the system generated key fact statement (kfs) shall be attached along with this document, only for
physical execution of agreement. pg. 6


=== PAGE 8 ===

yes bank
version october2024
disbursal request form
date: 10/12/25
to,
yes bank ltd.
sub: - disbursement request for sanction letter /facility ref no. hl2024
i/we have applied for home loan with you. kindly disburse the loan amount according to below details.
favoring amount mode (dd
/neft/rtgs)
yash builders 48,50,000 neft
payment towards insurance, stamp duty, processing fee and other charges
i/we hereby request you to deduct/debit the following from the loan amount sanctioned to me/us
insurance:
reliance general insurance (property) inr 45,000 max life insurance inr 30,000
reliance general insurance (health) inr
charges/fee:
stamp duty/esbtr charges inr 72,000 balance processing fee inr 12,000
i am / we are aware that the following documents are yet to be provided by me/us. i/we request the bank to disburse my loan
i/we agree undertake to provide the same pending documents within 15 days failing which the bank may cancel the loan
availed by me/us.
pending documents:
i am/we are aware that the amount disbursed as requested shall carry interest from the date of disbursement of loan as per
applicable rate though the bank may handover the dd/cheque to me/us on receipt of the pending documents i agree
undertake to pay the same to the bank unconditionally.
signature
applicant yaswanth co-applicant jagan (8)
the system generated key fact statement (kfs) shall be attached along with this document, only for
physical execution of agreement. pg. 7


=== PAGE 9 ===

yes bank
version october 2024
declaration for submission of pdc
in consideration of and as a security for the credit facility no hl2024 granted/agreed to be granted by yes bank limited
( the bank ) i/we hereby inter alia deliver to the bank the cheques (as detailed in the table below) drawn in favour of the bank
being blank as regards the date of the cheque and the amount.
i/we agree and acknowledge that in accordance with the provisions of section 20 of the negotiable instruments act ( the act ) the
bank in the present case as the holder of the said cheques shall have the authority to complete the said cheques.
in addition to the express provisions of the act as mentioned above authorising the bank to complete the said cheques, i/we
hereby unconditionally and irrevocable authorise and confirm the authority of the bank to fill in the date and the amount on the
said cheques and to present the same for the payment.
i/we hereby undertake to be absolutely bound as the drawer of the said cheques so completed by the bank and shall be liable in
the same manner as the said cheques were drawn and completed by me/us and shall ensure that the said cheques are honoured
on presentation for payment.
i/we agree and acknowledge that any dishonouring of the said cheques would make me/us liable including under the provisions
of section 138 of the negotiable instruments act 1881
serial cheque no. bank name purpose
no.
1 420 hdfc eni
standing instruction and debit authorization
i would further like to avail of the standing instruction facility to repay the said home loan having reference
no. hl2024 i, therefore, request you to accept the standing instruction debit authorization
mandate to debit my yes bank savings/current account number.
account no. customer id
9849511918 00112233
towards the repayment of my loan dues on due dates as per the terms conditions mentioned in the home loan documents /schedule or
as per the revised instructions as may be specified by the bank from time to time.
i further undertake that the mandate given by me is irrevocable and shall remain valid and binding until all the amounts due and payable
by me are duly paid to the satisfaction of yes bank limited. i shall not take any steps for closure of bank account without prior approval
in writing from yes bank limited.
i also understand and accept that the bank shall have the right to set-off, without prior intimation to me, the available balances in the
designated account for recovery of overdue installments and/or charges (if any) in the loan account.
this debit authorization letter shall be deemed to be an instruction from me/us for the purpose of s.25 of the payment and settlement
systems act.
yas wanth
signature(s):
(to be signed by the authorized signatories of the account)
the system generated key fact statement (kfs) shall be attached along with this document, only for
physical execution of agreement. pg. 8


=== PAGE 10 ===

yes bank
october 2024
declarations
i/we have applied for a home loan with yes bank limited against the security/property as defined in the schedule i of the facility
letter/sanction letter reference no. hl2024 .
additional declarations- tick whichever is applicable
property being purchased from a resident indian exceeding 50 lacs
i/we are aware that as per 194ia of the income tax act, any person who is responsible for paying to a resident transferor
any sum by way of consideration for transfer of any immovable property (other than agricultural land), shall, at the time of
credit of such sum to the account of the transferor or at the time of payment of such sum in cash or by issue of a cheque or
draft or by any other mode, whichever is earlier, deduct an amount equal to one per cent of such sum as income-tax thereon.
the purchaser has to deduct tds @ 1% at the time of payment or credit if the consideration for transfer exceeds rs. 50 lacs.
there is no requirement for purchaser to obtain tan number.
therefore, since in the present matter, the bank shall directly be disbursing the loan and making the payment in favor of
seller on my/our behalf and only as per my/our instructions, i/we shall comply with the aforementioned provisions. i/we
further shall submit the proof of the deduction payment of income tax to the government treasury.
property being purchased from an nri:
i/we are aware that as per section 195 of the income tax act, any person who is responsible to make payment to a non-
resident, of any sum that may be chargeable under the provisions of the income tax act is required to deduct income tax at
the prevailing rates at the time of credit to the account of the non resident or at the time of payment thereof in cash or by the
issue of a cheque or draft or by any other mode, whichever is earlier. further section 195(6) r/w rule 37bb (2) and (1) of the
income tax rules states that any person so responsible for making payment as has been mentioned in the aforesaid para
shall also furnish information of any such sum payable in form 15ca along with a certificate from a chartered accountant in
form 15 cb.
therefore, since in the present matter, the bank shall directly be disbursing the loan and making the payment in favor of nri
seller on my/our behalf and only as per my/our instructions, i/we shall comply with the aforementioned provisions.
priority sector lending:
i/ we including my/our family does not own any other property (pucca house/all weather dwelling unit) in any part of india.
family for this purpose means and includes the spouse of the member unmarried children, who are dependent on
such member, but shall not include legally separated spouse.
dual signature
that the there is a difference in my signatures and on my request yes bank ltd is going ahead with the processing of my loan in
spite of the difference in the signatures. i hereby confirm that both these signatures done are by my hand and the same are as
below.
signature1 signature 2
that my name is yas wanth kumar reddy dual name
that the correct spelling of my name is as above and that the document name submitted by me for availing the loan has
typographical error and has misspelt my name as . the document however belongs to me.
or
my full name when expanded is read as
or
applicable for married women that before marriage my name was
the system generated key fact statement (kfs) shall be attached along with this document, only for physical
execution of agreement. pg. 9


=== PAGE 11 ===

yes bank
version oc tober 2024
yasnhnth a.p was born on 02/03/1987 at 03/03/1987 situated in the district kadapa in the state of dual dob/no dob proof
i
i have no documentary proof in support of my date of birth.
the date of birth mentioned in document name bearing no. is incorrectly mentioned as i
declare that my correct date of birth is
reduction in loan amount
rs. i/we hereby request you restrict/reduce the total amount to be disbursed under the said housing loan to 45000000 (rupees forty five lakhs only only)
i/we hereby give our express and irrevocable consent to the bank for the reduction in the disbursed amount as compared to the
sanctioned amount and i/we understand, accept and acknowledge that the bank shall be acting under my/our specific
if any. requesting you to kindly do the needful and change my tenure request(s)/instructions and therefore i/we shall not contest the bank s action and/or shall not make demands balance disbursement(s), (mention emi or tenure) accordingly.
i/we hereby state and declare that the that information given above is true correct and nothing has been concealed and i am/we are
aware it is illegal and a criminal offence to deliberately furnish false information or suppress information and i /we undertake to be entirely
responsible for any loss / expenses incurred by yes bank limited on account of relying on my declaration and subsequently make good
these losses.
yaswanth jagan.
applicant co-applicant(s)
the system generated key fact statement (kfs) shall be attached along with this document, only for physical
execution of agreement. pg. 10


=== PAGE 12 ===

yes bank
version october 2024
declaration cum indemnity
in the matter of loan/ credit facilities in the sum/ limit as mentioned in schedule i ( the credit facility(ies)/home loan ) granted/ to be
granted by yes bank limited to the borrower and co-borrowers (hereinafter to be referred to as borrowers ) as mentioned in schedule
i:
the person(s) as more particularly described in schedule ii and collectively referred to as mortgagor(s) do hereby solemnly affirm and
declare as under:
1. i am / we are the owner(s) of the immovable property(s), more particularly mentioned in schedule i hereunder written (hereinafter
referred to as the mortgaged property/ies and/or premises and/or allotted property/ies )
2. i /we say that, yes bank limited, a banking company within the meaning of section 5 (c) of the banking regulation act, 1949 and
incorporated and registered under the companies act, 1956 and deemed to exist under the provisions of companies act, 2013, and
having its registered office at yes bank house, off western express highway, santacruz (east), mumbai (hereinafter referred
to as ybl or bank or lender ) has agreed to grant/granted credit facility(ies) as mentioned in schedule i to the borrowers on
the terms and conditions contained in the application forms, sanction letter, loan agreement, security documents, no objection
certificates, all writings and other documents executed or to be executed by the borrowers in relation or pertaining to the credit
facility(ies)/home loan (hereinafter referred to as the facility documents ) and the title documents ( title deeds ) pertaining to the
property/ies being offered as security to the bank ( mortgaged property/ies / allotted property/ies ), more particularly listed under
the schedule i hereunder are/shall be deposited by me/us with the bank with an intention of creating equitable mortgage over the
mortgaged property/ies/allotted property/ies in favour of the bank as security for the due and prompt repayment of credit
facility(ies)/home loan granted by the bank to the borrowers.
or
i/we state and declare that, at the request of the borrowers and/or mortgagor(s), and pursuant to facility documents, the bank
has enhanced and/or agreed to enhance the existing credit facilities/home loan by granting certain additional credit
facilities, as mentioned under schedule i aggregating to an amount as detailed under schedule i hereto ( enhanced
credit facilities ) and that, one of the conditions for granting the credit facility(ies) and/or enhanced credit facilities is
that the credit facility(ies) and/or enhanced credit facilities shall be secured by a mortgage charge on the mortgaged
property/ies created in favour of the bank with the intent that the title deeds should remain so deposited as and by way
of a mortgage by constructive deposit and/or by way of a mortgage by deposit of title deeds in favour of the bank and
the mortgagor(s) has/have agreed to extend the mortgage charge on the mortgaged property/ies to secure the due
repayment of the enhanced credit facilities including principal amount of the credit facility(ies)/home loan, together
with interest, liquidated damages, costs, charges and expenses and all other moneys whatsoever due and payable by
the borrowers to the bank, whether under the facility documents or otherwise;
3. accordingly, on the date and place mentioned in schedule i and the title deeds as more particularly listed under
schedule i hereunder written relating to the mortgaged property/ies have been deposited by me/us or shall be deposited
by me/us within period of 30 days from the date of disbursement/execution or as may be informed by the bank from
time to time, by first time deposit/constructive delivery with the bank with an intent to create/extend equitable mortgage
by deposit of title deeds as security on exclusive charge basis for due and prompt repayment of the credit
facility(ies)/home loan and/or enhanced credit facilities, as the case may be, together with interest, costs, charges
and expenses due thereto.
4. in this regard, i/we do hereby solemnly declare and represent to the bank as under:
(i) (a) that i am/we are authorised person of the mortgagor(s) as mentioned in the schedule i (hereinafter called the society
or the company ) and as such member i am/we are the owner(s) of number of shares of the society / company details
of which are mentioned in the under schedule i (hereinafter called the said shares )
(b) that by reason of the aforesaid shareholding, as such member, i am / we are entitled to the exclusive possession,
use and occupation of the premises on what is popularly referred to as ownership basis . (in this declaration, the term
premises shall, unless repugnant to the context or meaning thereof, include also the said shares).
(ii) that i/we state and declare that i/we have a good, clear and marketable title to mortgaged property/ies free from all
encumbrances, and are not subject to any mortgage (except the abovementioned mortgage in favour of the bank), charge,
lien, trust, negative covenant, right of way, trespass, occupation/ possession by any third party, claim, demand, lis pendense,
legal proceeding, attachment, injunction, notice or other encumbrance, order, process, impediment or any other process
issued by any court or other authority and no suit, action or other proceeding is pending in respect of the premises or
mortgaged property/ies and no adverse claims have been made and no notice for acquisition or requisition has been
issued or received by me/us or any other person in respect of the mortgaged property/ies or any part thereof and/or
deficiencies and/or defects and no other person has any share, right, title, interest or claim in, to or upon the mortgaged
the system generated key fact statement (kfs) shall be attached along with this document, only for physical
execution of agreement. pg. 11


=== PAGE 13 ===

yes bank
property/ies or premises which have been acquired by me/ us under the title deeds as more particularly under schedule
i and that the mortgaged property/ies/allotted property/ies are in my/our exclusive possession and no adverse claim has
been made in respect of the mortgaged property/ies and/or/allotted property/ies and/or premises .i further state and declare
that, i/ we have not received any notice of any intended or compulsory acquisition or requisition of the mortgaged
property/ies and/or /allotted property/ies and to the best of my/ our knowledge no notice or notification of any kind that will
adversely affect the mortgaged property/ies and/or/allotted property/ies in any manner has been issued or published nor
are the mortgaged property/ies and/or /allotted property/ies and/or premises reserved for any purpose.
i/we state and confirm that, all applicable provisions of the urban land (ceiling and regulation) act, 1976 for transferring
(iii) the mortgaged property/ies in favour of the bank by way of mortgage have been duly complied with.
that i / we have duly paid and will at all times during the subsistence of the present mortgage / until the borrower s dues are
(iv) paid to the bank in full, continue to duly pay the rates, taxes, cesses, assessments, revenues, duties, society charges, public
demands, and other outgoings and amounts now or hereafter due or payable in respect of the mortgaged property/ies and
to duly observe, perform and comply with all the rules, regulations, laws, bye-laws, covenants, terms and conditions in
connection with the mortgaged property/ies. that i/ we have not done and shall not at any time do any act, deed, matter, or thing which may adversely affect or prejudice
(v) in any manner the bank s security and/ or interests and that i/we will not sell, transfer, assign, let out, encumber, mortgage,
transfer, charge, grant any leave or license, induct any person in or part with or otherwise deal with the mortgaged
property/ies and/or allotted property/ies during the subsistence of the mortgage / until the borrower s dues have paid to the
bank in full, unless i/we have her obtained the bank s written permission to do so (which permission the bank shall be
entitled to withhold or refuse without assigning any reason). that i/we have observed and performed and will duly observe, comply and perform all the rules, regulations and bye-laws
(vi) of the society, company or other association formed/ to be formed and the terms and conditions on which the mortgaged
property/ies and/or allotted property/ies have been acquired and that i/we have obtained the permission of the concerned
society / association / company / owner / builder and / and all other competent authorities and persons for creating a
mortgage on the mortgaged property/ies and/or allotted property/ies in favour of the bank i/we will not do or omit to do
anything whereby mortgaged property/ies and/or allotted property/ies or the bank s security or interests may be
prejudicially affected in any manner whatsoever. that i/we have acquired the mortgaged property/ies and/or allotted property/ies with my/our self-acquired funds and no
(vii) other person has any share, right, title or interest of any kind or nature whatsoever in the mortgaged property/ies and/or
allotted property/ies that i/we have the necessary powers and am/are free to secure the borrowers dues in the manner
done by me/us and i/we am/are not under any statutory, contractual or other restriction or disability to do so. i further state
and declare that i/we will at all times and as and when called upon to do so by the bank, make out a clear and marketable
title to the mortgaged property/ies and/or allotted property/ies to the satisfaction of the bank and/or its legal counsel, free
from all reasonable doubts, claims and encumbrances. i/we declare that i/we have not entered into any agreement for sale or otherwise with any person or party in respect of the
(viii) mortgaged property/ies and/or premises and/or allotted property/ies and that i/ we have in my / our possession, power and
control only those documents, evidence and writings relating to the mortgaged property/ies and/or premises and/or allotted
property/ies which have been handed over to the bank and the same may be retained or dealt with in such manner as the
bank may deem fit. if at any time hereafter any further title deeds relating to the mortgaged property/ies and/or premises
and/or allotted property/ies come into my/ our possession, power or control, i/we shall hand over the same to the bank to
perfect the security created/ proposed to be created by me/ us over and in respect of the mortgaged property/ies and/or
allotted property/ies in favour of the bank within the period stipulated by the bank from time to time.
that i/we have scrutinised the building plans, commencement certificate and all the requisite permission pertaining to the
(ix) mortgaged property/ies and/or allotted property/ies and that the construction is in accordance with laws, as per the
approved plans, certificates and permissions and of a satisfactory and standard quality and that no material change has
taken place which would affect the construction / purchase / title of the mortgaged property/ies and/or allotted property/ies
where the mortgaged property/ies and/or allotted property/ies are at present under construction.
i/we shall obtain/have obtained necessary permission from the competent authorities for the construction of the building
(x) and, shall get/have got the building plan approved/sanctioned.
(xi) a. have not/ violated/shall not violate the sanctioned plan i/we confirm and undertake that the i/we-
b. all construction is /shall be done strictly as per the sanctioned plan
c. all statutory requirements are/shall be fulfilled
the completion certificate shall be obtained from the competent authority within 3 months of completion of construction; if
(xii)
not obtained.
in addition to the clauses mentioned above; the clauses that are mentioned below shall become applicable on case
to case basis.
the system generated key fact statement (kfs) shall be attached along with this document, only for physical
pg. 12
execution of agreement.


=== PAGE 14 ===

yes bank
october 2024
in case of loan availed for plot purchase and construction of house thereon or self-construction:
(xiii) purchase of the plot. i/we further confirm and undertake to submit the necessary proof to the bank within a period of 18 i/we have commenced/shall commence construction on the said plot of land within a period of 18 months from the date of
months from the purchase of the plot with respect to commencement of the construction on the said plot of land to the
satisfaction of the bank.
(xiv) affirming that the building has been constructed or improvement or extension has been carried out as per approved sanction i/we on completion of the construction, if called upon by the bank, execute an affidavit in favour of the bank specifically
building plan and /or building bye-laws and wherever applicable has completion certificate issued by the competed authority
and deliver, alongwith the affidavit, a copy of the completion certificate.
in case of balance transfer/loan takeover:
(xv) i by way of take over of my/our existing home loan from the existing lender as mentioned in under schedule lagainst the bank has, pursuant to my/our request, sanctioned me the home loan amounting to the sum as mentioned in the schedule
mortgage of my/our the mortgaged property/ies described under schedule i hereunder and that is presently mortgaged to
existing lender.
(xvi) i/we confirm that the title deeds in respect of the mortgaged property/ies are in a proper condition and are not charred, torn
(xvii) with the bank within 30 days from the date of issuance of the cheque/pay order by the bank for the home loan amount. or laminated. i/we shall ensure that the existing lender directly deposits the title deeds with respect to my/our mortgaged property/ies
(xviii) property/ies directly to the bank on or before the aforesaid stipulated period, i /we shall accompany with the bank s official i/we confirm that in the event of the existing lender not handing over my/our title deeds with respect to my/our mortgaged
and collect the title deeds of my/our mortgaged property/ies from existing lender and submit the same to the bank within
15 days from the date of expiry of the aforesaid stipulated period in order to enable the bank to create a valid mortgage in the
form acceptable to the bank.
(xix) i/we are in possession of the title deeds, we shall handover the documents immediately to yes bank in order to enable the i/we confirm that in the event of existing lender handing over the title deeds to me/us directly or if under any circumstances
bank to create a valid mortgage in the form acceptable to the bank.
i/we confirm that any shortfall arising on account of difference in the home loan amount sanctioned to me/us by the bank
(xx) and the loan outstanding with the existing lender on the date of closure of such loan shall be borne/paid by me/us
in case of government allotment case:
i/we confirm that, the borrowers have applied to the bank for grant of home loan amounting to sum as mentioned in table
(xxi) b under schedule 1 for the purchase of residential premises, more particularly described as allotted property/ies in under
schedule 1. i/we confirm that the developer/govt. authority as mentioned in under schedule i vide agreement / allotment letter as
(xxii) mentioned in under schedule i has allotted the allotted property/ies to the borrowers and since then the borrowers are in
absolute ownership and possession of the allotted property/ies.
i/we confirm that other than the documents mentioned in the title deeds, i/we have no other documents pertaining to the
(xxiii) allotted property/ies and the registered sale deed of the allotted property/ies is yet to be executed in my/our name and the
same shall be executed within a period as stipulated by bank from time to time.
i/we agree that, based on the request made by the borrower, the bank has agreed to sanction the home loan based on the
(xxiv) agreement/allotment letter; basis the no objection certificate issued by the developer/government authority for mortgaging
the allotted property/ies to the bank pending submission of the duly registered sale deed of the allotted property/ies.
i/we confirm that the documents as mentioned under critical documents in schedule i is/are yet to be executed and registered
(xxv) and therefore i / we am / are not in a position to submit the same to the bank as on date and the same shall be submitted
within a period informed by the bank from time to time. i / we hereby undertake and confirm that as and when the critical critical
documents is/are executed and registered, within the period stipulated hereinabove, 1 / we shall deposit the the
documents to the bank without fail. however, i / we am/ are providing you no objection certificate to mortgage issued by
developer/government authority, basis which the bank has agreed to sanction/advance the home loan to me/us.
additional clauses in case of b- khata properties; any other properties as applicable:
i/we that, the mortgaged property/ies is/are being used for the purpose of non- agricultural activities and all the requisite
(xxvi) approvals say conversion of the land and construction of the building from authorized/competent authority in this regard relation is
obtained. all the requisite taxes such as water tax, electricity bill, housing/property tax and betterment charges if any in
to the mortgaged property/ies have been paid to the appropriate government authority.
i/we say that, i shall be the absolute owner of the mortgaged property/ies on the execution of the agreement for sale/sale
(xxvii)
the system generated key fact statement (kfs) shall be attached along with this document, only for physical
pg. 13
execution of agreement.


=== PAGE 15 ===

yes bank
version october 2024
deed and all the relevant original title deeds, revenue documents, mutation documents, building plan approvals, various
construction approvals, various tax paid receipts, possession certificates, encumbrance certificates, utility bills etc. shall be
converted in my name in connection with the mortgaged property/ies.
(xxviii) i/we say that, the mortgaged property/ies is situated in the developed area of the city/town/municipal authority and the
seller/developer has obtained the valid building plan approval from the competent authority and the construction of the building
is not deviated or violated the terms and conditions of the building plan. the mortgaged property/ies /house is assessed for
tax and the electricity and water service connection, gas connection etc. is in place. in case there are any deviations, i/we
undertake to regularize the constructions thereon in accordance with the guidelines of the competent authority and i/we shall
submit the requisite documents to the bank, in case of any documents are required.
(xxix) i/we shall use the property only for residential purposes
5. i/ we confirm to have disclosed all facts relating to the bank and the accuracy of all information given by me/ us in this regard
and also confirm that all prior or subsequent information furnished by me/us in this behalf is/will be true, complete and
accurate in every way and the bank may act on the basis of the said information, particulars and documents.
6. i/we hereby agree, irrevocably, unconditionally and undertake to execute all other documents and comply with all other formalities
as may be required by law, and to pay and discharge by the mortgagor of any liability for any stamp duty/differential stamp duty,
penalty or any other amount that may be levied/ become leviable/payable on any of the agreements, including but not limited to the
security documents, executed in reference to the credit facility(ies) and/or enhanced credit facilities and/or in relation thereto,
under the provisions of any central or state stamp acts.
7. i/we, hereby understand the guidelines set under the registration (maharashtra amendment) act, 2010 compulsory
registration of instruments relating to mortgage by deposit of title deeds and i/ we declare that notice of intimation
regarding mortgage by way of deposit of title deed shall be filed by me at the concerned sub-registrar s office. i/we
further confirm that the photograph/s, thumb impression/s signature /s on the aforesaid documents are unfeigned.
8. i/we hereby declare that i /we shall be responsible to hand over acknowledged copy of the duly filed physical notice of
intimation regarding mortgage by way of deposit of title deeds to the bank within 30 days from the execution of equitable
mortgage on the mortgaged property/ies, subject to clear and marketable legal and valuation.
9. i/we further agree and undertake to indemnify and hold harmless the bank against any charges/penalty levied to the bank
due to non-filing of physical intimation regarding mortgage by way of deposit of title deeds within 30 days from the execution
of equitable mortgage.
10. i/we hereby agree and undertake to indemnify and keep the bank fully indemnified, saved and harmless of, from and against any
loss, damage, expense, risk and all consequence that might arise to the bank on account of any defect in my/our title to the
mortgaged property/ies and/or on account of loss/non availability of the title deeds and/or premises and/or any declaration,
statement or assurance being incorrect and/or any breach by me/ us of any declaration, statement assurance or covenant herein
and/or on account of any non-performance or non-observance or breach by me/ us and/or the borrower of any terms, clause,
conditions or covenants of any document governing the credit facility(ies)/revised credit facilities or any other document or any
claim, demand or risk however arising to the bank with reference to the mortgaged property/ies and/or due to photograph/s, thumb
impression/s signature /s on the notice of intimation regarding mortgage by way of deposit of title deed are feigned.
11. i am / we are making the aforesaid statements and giving the aforesaid declaration and indemnity solemnly and sincerely believe
the same to be true and knowing fully well that based on the statements, declarations and indemnities aforesaid the bank has
agreed/may agree to sanction the credit facility(ies)/revised credit facilities and to accept mortgage of the mortgaged
property/ies.
12. further, should any risk, loss, detriment, damage, prejudice, expenses or inconvenience arise to yes bank in holding,
transmitting or enforcing the security over the said immovable property owing to breach or lacuna in any of the aforesaid
assurances and undertakings or any third party claims for any reason whatsoever, i hereby affirm and undertake to indemnify
and keep fully and completely indemnified the bank/mortgagee against the same in all respects. in such an event, yes
bank limited may recover the amounts payable hereunder from the borrower/mortgagors as well as from/against the estate/s
of the borrower/mortgagor.
13. i/we hereby agree that this undertaking cum indemnity shall (i) ensure for the benefit of yes bank limited and its
successors and assignees; (ii) be irrevocable and unconditional; (iii) shall survive till discharge by the borrower/mortgagor
and the borrower/mortgagors of its performance of all its obligations hereunder and under the facility agreements and the
other transaction documents, to the satisfaction of yes bank limited; (iii) not be affected by the insolvency of the
borrower/mortgagor and the borrower/mortgagors; (iv) be binding on its heirs, legal representatives, executors,
administrators, successors and permitted assignees, as the case may be; (iv) not be terminated by notice or any change in
the respective constitutions of the borrower/mortgagor or yes bank limited or otherwise for any reason whatsoever.
14. my/our liability under this declaration-cum-indemnity shall be joint and several.
15. any matter or issue arising under this declaration- cum-indemnity or any dispute hereunder shall, at the bank s discretion,
be subject to the non- exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the city of as mentioned in schedule i hereunder.
solemnly declared persons mentioned in schedule i.
the system generated key fact statement (kfs) shall be attached along with this document, only for physical
execution of agreement. pg. 14


=== PAGE 16 ===

yes bank
mortgagors/owner
schedule i
no. sr. description details
1. date of declaration cum indemnity 10-oct-2024
2. (place of deposition, i.e. yes bank limited s branch office: yes bank, andheri east, mumbai
office address)
3. residence/office of the depositor(s) place of deposition, i.e the place of borrower residence -powai, mumbai
4. name of the bank s authorized personnel mr. rajesh kumar
5. constituted attorney of the mortgagor(s) name of the authorised representatives /
6. jurisdiction mumbai
names of borrower co-borrowers: yaswarth kumar reddy, jagan
7.
details of credit facility(ies) credit facilities / existing credit enhanced credit facilities (inr)
facilities/home loan (inr)
8.
48,50,000
9. existing lender (if any) na
name of developer/govt. authority: yash balls builders
10. date of allotment letter:
description of the mortgaged property/ies
/allotted property/ies
(boundaries: east: garden
west: road
north: lift
south: play area
11. details of mortgagor/owner:
constitution:
address: individual/proprietorship firm/partnership firm/company/llp/trust/society/huf
list of the title deeds original/copy
original sale deed dated 01-sep-2024 original
premises discerption:
2bhk residential flat(1,0505q
the system generated key fact statement (kfs) shall be attached along with this document, only for physical
execution of agreement. pg. 15
