
=== PAGE 1 ===

personal loan idfc first
bank
application form - resident individual 01 03 2025
(please write in block letters. please complete the application to help us serve you better) dd mm yyyy
i hereby apply to idfc first bank limited (the bank) to grant me personal loan as mentioned in this application form. i furnish my particulars as mentioned below.
idfc first bank staff : yes no application ref. no .: pl2024 city : bengaluru
scheme : standard personal loan fos : ramesh kumar
s.o./dsa code : psa09384 r.o. code: r0560001
finance requirement
purpose of personal loan: occasion in family furniture loan amount ( ): 7,50,000 travel purchase of household/electronic goods desired tenure: 12 24 loan consolidation 36 48 60 others (please specify) laptop
personal details
applicant j co-applicant have you taken any finance from us earlier yes no > if yes, application reference no.:
title : mr. ms. others (please specify) c-kyc no. 123456
name: yas wanth middle name guijula
father s/spouse s name : ramesh middle name gujjula
mother s name : latha middle name guijula photograph and sign across (please effix your coloured
note: additionally 1 of the below officially valid document (ovd) is mandatory
pan no .: aabp14589m aadhar card no.: 678912345678
passport no.: n9942356 voter id card: kl12007561 driving license: ka05201h0098276
passport expiry date: driving license expiry date: 12062033 gender : male female transgender
date of birth: 15041992 e-mail id: yawianth.guilula@gmail.co
marital status : single married others (please specify)
qualification : under graduate graduate post graduate others (please specify)
flat 405, maple heights apartments, ,indiranggar
current residential address :
near cmh hospital
touch with branch case of any other preference. kindly get in considered as preferred mailing address. in note: your current residence address is district: bengaluru state karnataka city landmark: bengaluru pin 560038
residence details: rented self-owned parental company provided others (please specify)
telephone : mobile: 9876543210 std code: no.
same as current residence address flat hos, maple heights apartments, indirangar
permanent residence address/address as per ovd :
state bengaluru city karnataka landmark: pin 560038
residence details: rented < self-owned parental company provided others (please specify)
telephone : std code: no. 9876543210
whether relative to director of idfc first bank ltd - yes no
whether relative to senior management of idfc first bank ltd - yes no
whether senior officer of the bank - yes no
occupation details
occupation: self employed business salaried housewife
infosys ltd.
company name:
company/entity type: government partnership proprietorship private ltd. public ltd-unlisted ( public ltd.listed
acknowledgement
we acknowledge receipt of the application for personal loan from idfc first bank ltd. the bank would require a processing time of approximately 20 working days from
the date of the completed application. this is subject to submission of all documents as required by the bank. for any queries or suggestions, please write to us at customer.
care@idfcfirstbank.com or visit www.idfcfirstbank.com/our nearest branch.
customer name: yaswanth guijula date: 010325
ddmmyy
application reference number : pl2024 note: this is a preprinted acknowledgment and does not require signature


=== PAGE 2 ===

office address: injosys tower, hosur road, bengaliou -560100.
state bengaluru city karnataka pin 560100 landmark:
mobile: 9834567812
if salaried : designation analyst department finance monthly net take home 1,10,000
work email id yasmanth.gujiula@gmail.co
if self-employed : date of incorporation ddmmyy
annual income 12,00,000 last 3 months monthly bank balance mandatory
gst declaration: 1) gst regd no.: yes no 2) gstin no.
that i have shared correct gstin., hence separate verification of my gstin is not required and i shall not hold idfc first bank limited liable for loss of credit arising on
account of incomplete, erroneous or wrong gst details. for all gst purposes the mailing address will be consider as place of supply i.e. gst address.
bank details
preferred mode of repayment: nach pdc si bank name: hdfc bank
account number: 50100283911218 account type : savings current
two reference details
1) name: rohit menon
relationship with applicant: kavita sharma friend mobile: 9876001122
2) name:
relationship with applicant: cousin mobile: 9822219900
declaration
the bank (as specified by rbi) is the applicant(s), or a partner, managing agent, manager, employee, director india of our conc rn, or of our subsidiary or chennai our holding company, or a guarantor on my/our behalf, laws or holds india substantial interest in our concern na subsidiary or holding company na country of birth regard. i/we confirm that except to the extent disclosed to the bank, no director or a relative (as specified by rbi) of a director of a banking company (as specified by rbi) or a relative of a senior officer of force time to time. i/we confirm having declared our status as per the rules applicable under section 285ba of the income tax act, 1961 (the act) as notified by central board of direct taxes (cbdt) in this governing eefc accounts, the foreign exchange management act. 1999 and foreign account tax compliance act, 2010 (to the extent applicable to india and the common reporting standards (crs), in case nach/pdc/si instruction is unsuccessful due to financial reasons, the nach/pdc/si instructions will be presented again for clearance. i/we will bear the bounce charges for transactions that have been unsuccessful due to financial reason. i/we hereby agree to abide and be bound by all applicable rules/regulations/instruction/guidelines including but not limited to those issued by the reserve bank of india including the fema regulations 2000 mandate verified and registered with bank. mandate verification charges (if any) may be charged to my/our account. i/we will ensure sufficient balance in the funding account on the date of execution. in my/our loan instalments etc., from above mentioned account through nach/pdc/si. i/we authorize the bank to honour all such instructions. i/we authorize the representative of the company to get this have signed the said application form after having understood them and by signing the same. i/we wish to avail of the nach/pdc/si facility and hereby express my/our unconditional consent to debit manner specified or required by the reserve bank of india from time to time. i/we confirm that i/we shall not use the credit facility (or any part thereof) for any improper, illegal or unlawful purpose/activities. further information that idfc bank limited/its group companies/its agents may require. i/we further declare and confirm that the credit facilities if any enjoyed by me/us with banks/financial institutions/ non banking finance companies has been disclosed here in above. i/we agree that idfc first bank limited may provide the credit facilities mentioned herein only if permitted and if approved in the i/we have been read out and explained in the language known to me/us, the contents of the application form for availing the loan from idfc first bank limited by the executive of the bank and i/we its agents consider necessary. i/we undertake to inform idfc bank imited/its group companies/its agents regarding the change in the residential addresses/employment/profession and to provide any the right to retain the same. i/we have read the application form and brochures and are agreeable to all the terms/conditions of availing finance from idfc first bank limited/its group companies, i/we authorise idfc first bank limited/its group companies/its agents to make reference and enquiries relevant to information in this application form which idfc first bank limited/its group companies/ i/we understand and confirm that the application form and all other documents submitted by me/us to idfc first bank limited shall not be returned to me/us and idfc first bank limited shall have other application fees to the executive collecting my/our application/and i/we shall not hold idfc first bank limited liable for any such payment made by us to the executive collecting this application that no insolvency proceeding(s) or suit for recovery of outstanding dues or monies whatsoever and/or criminal proceedings have been initiated and/or pending against me/us and that i/we have never been adjudicated insolvent/bankrupt by any court or other authority. i/we declare that i/we have not made any payment in cash, bearer, cheque or kind along with or in connection with this application or any i/we declare that all the particulars and information given in the application form are true, correct, complete and up-to-date in all respects and i/we have not withheld any information whatsoever. i/we confirm foreign tin tin issuing country place of birth country of residence as per tax
number through appropriate means on my/our behalf . idfc has also informed me that this consent and my aadhar will be stored with idfc last four digits of the aadhaar number are visible; and in case i/we do not redact/ blacken out the first eight digits of aadhaar number, i/we authorized idfc first bank to redact/blacken out the aadhaar purpose of collecting aadhaar has been explained to me/us in local language. idfc has informed me/us that i am/we are required to redact/ blacken out the first eight digits of aadhaar number so that only to idfc for verification of my aadhaar to establish its genuineness through any such acceptable manner stipulated by uidai or under any act or law from time to time. i/we have also been explained that submission of this document is not mandatory. i/we have the option to submit any one of the documents as per the list of officially valid documents (updated by the rbi from time to time) the consent and own discretion, the physical copy of aadhaar card/physical e-aadhaar/ masked aadhaar / offline electronic aadhaar xml as issued by uidai (aadhaar), to idfc first bank for the purpose of establishing my/our identity address proof and voluntarily give my/our consent in connection with me availing the financial facility from idfc and processing instructions for the said purpose and hereby give consent defaulter; in case any director/partner/member/ trustee has been declared as a willful defaulter, the borrower shall take expeditious steps for removal of such person. i/we hereby submit voluntarily at my/our if i provide deemed address proof, then within 3 months from date of disbursal, i will share the updated officially valid document with the current address. i hereby consent to receive information about my loans and offers on whatsapp on my registered number. the borrower shall ensure that neither the borrower nor any director/partner/member/frustee of the borrower has been declared a willful
would you like to receive updates about various offers and promotion from to time yes no if yes, mode of communication: phone sms e-mail
authorisation
sharing of the information. i would like to avail the benefits of the various bank loan offer schemes or loan promotional activities or any other promotional schemes and hereby authorize the bank, its records from any agencies, statutory bodies, credit bureau, bank, financial institutions, or any third party in respect of the application, as it may consider necessary. the bank shall not be liable for use/ i hereby authorise the bank, without any notice to me to conduct credit checks, references, make enquiries, in its sole discretion and also authorise the bank and its agents to share and obtain information,
i confirm that laws in relation to the unsolicited communication referred in national do not call registry as laid down by telecom regulatory of india will not be applicable for such communications/ calls/ employees, agents, representatives and associates to do so.
smss sent to receive information from central, its representatives, agents. i hereby provide consent to send sms confirmation to reference contacts provided by me as part of the loan application process. the bank reserves the right to retain the photograph and documents submitted with the application and shall not be returned. idfc first bank limited shall be entitled at its sole and absolute discretion
a. i/we authorise the bank to submit application/other relevant documents submitted by me to cersai. i/we hereby provide my consent to receive information from central kyc to approve/reject this application form submitted by applicant/ co-applicant.
registry through sms/mail on the above registered number/email address. i/we also authorize the bank to freeze my idfc first bank account in an event of default.
yaswanth kumaredly 10/01/2025 kadapa.
applicant/co-applicant/signature date: place:
office use only
dsa/referral code: original seen & verified by - name: dsao 9384 ankit rao sign: designation: yaswanth relation ship manager


=== PAGE 3 ===

priority sector lending
weaker section:
i. individual women beneficiaries up to 1 lakh ii. loans to: sc st general obc others iii. religion: hindu muslim christians
zoroastrians sikh buddhists jain others (please specify) iv. if minority communities: yes no
v. annual household income : 12,00,000
vi. preference category: widow working disability others (please specify)
documents required
pan (if not available then form 60) is a mandatory document which is to be submitted, however it is not a photo identity proof, hence 1 of the below documents should
be submitted as a photo identity proof.
photo identity proof : valid passport with expiry date, photograph and signature; the driving license issued by regional transport authority, proof of possession of
aadhaar number issued by uidai, the voter s identity card issued by the election commission of india, job card issued by nrega duly signed by an officer of the
state government and letter issued by the national population register containing details of name and address.
address proof :
official valid document: valid passport with expiry date, photograph and signature; the driving license issued by regional transport authority, proof of possession of
aadhaar number issued by uidai, the voter s identity card issued by the election commission of india, job card issued by nrega duly signed by an officer of the
state government and letter issued by the national population register containing details of name and address.
deemed official valid document : utility bill which is not more than two months old of any service provider (electricity, telephone, post-paid mobile phone, piped
gas, water bill); property or municipal tax receipt; pension or family pension payment orders (ppos) issued to retired employees by government departments or
public sector undertakings, if they contain the address; letter of allotment of accommodation from employer, letter of allotment of accommodation from employer
issued by state government or central government departments, statutory or regulatory bodies, public sector undertakings, scheduled commercial banks, financial
institutions and listed companies and leave and license agreements with such employers allotting official accommodation.
income proof : latest salary slip/certificate, latest audited financials, bank details with last 3 months salary credited.
business proof : qualification certificate/certificate ofpractice(cop),sho act license/moa aoa/sales taxnat registration i partnership deed.
mandatory document/field.
.. mandatory is ovd is not available. ovd to be submitted within 3 months from disbursal with the updated address. requirement of documents might vary according to the scheme chosen
idfcfirst/pl_app/09112020
address
idfc first bank limited (formerly idfc bank limited)
naman chambers, c 32, g block, bandra kurla complex, bandra (east), mumbai 400051 tel: 91 22 7132 5500, fax: 91 22 2654 0354
registered office: krm towers, 7th floor, no. 1, harrington road, chetpet, chennai 600031. tel: 91 44 4564 4000 fax: 91 44 4564 4022
cin: l65110tn2014plc097792 bank.info@idfcbank.com, www.idfcfirstbank.com
