
=== PAGE 1 ===

axis bank
asset sales centre
location:
agreement for personal power loan
loan account no:
name of appu cant:
address
amount sancti oned
1 years mclr %p.a spread %p.a
rate of i nterest
effediver ed interest %p.a, noreset
tenure ( mont hs)
em
mode of repayment


=== PAGE 2 ===

2


=== PAGE 3 ===

most i mportant i nformation
attention: rease read caref bef ore signing
acknowl edgement form
appid
customer copy
(for ofice use only)
i/ we refer tofind applicationfor no. dated submitted by me/ us to axis bank li nited i/ we have been provi the fdlowing
or mation and have read and underst the f dlowingi rf or mation and agree the same and have accord r filled the aforesaio application or m
nature of fadlity personal power
facility amount not exceeding
amount of each nstalment
no. of monthy ments
first instal ment date
due dates for installments day of each mont h
rate of interest 1 years mclr %p.a spread %p.a. effective rate of
interest %p.a, no reset.
processing fees (non-refundable) gst
stamp duty charges (non-refundable)
cheque bounce charges penal charges rate prevaling on date of defaut taxes as applicable
pre-payment 7 part payment charges em s 36 36
% charge 3% 2%
gst as applicable
pre-payment charges shall be charged on principal outstanding
part payment charges shall be charged on the amount d part payment
i/ we acknowedgethat:
i/ we have not made any payment in cash/bearer cheque or kind a ong wth or in connection wthths applicationfo m
i/ we are aware of thefact that itis not mandat ory f or axis bank toirfor meither in advance or subsequently of the evy of any charges and/ or changeinthelevy or
introduction of suchlevy.
axis bankis entitled to add, to recal thefadlityin event d default without any notice or modify any of the oresai and conditions and the same shall
be binding on me/ us.
inthe event of any change of address for communication any changeinjob, profession by me or my co borrower, the same should be mated to the bank, one
advance.
no pre-payment charges will be applicable after 1 year if the case meets al thelisted scenarios:
loan amount shoul be greater than or equal to 10 lakh rupees
loan must have been d sbursed on or after 20th jan 21
loan must get dosed through own/self-funds (no external bt)
the case must have completed 12 em billing cyde
however, part payment charges as per applicabl grid will belevied f f or al loan amount irrespective of ticket size
ai charges are non-ref undabl and applicable post d sbursement of loan
interest on the personal power loan shall accruefromthe date on whichthe d sbursal has been effected nthel account and accordingly the computation of thefirst em
shall be calculated only for the act ual number of days remaining for the due date of first install ment. for rest of the install ments the entire period of 30 days based on a pre
drawn schedu shall be taken into consideration the d sbursement of the personal power loan will be done by issuing the d sbursement pay order / demand draft or
other wise wt hout the bank concerring itself wththe receip of such d sbursement by the beneficiary/ recipient and a so the redization of such pay order / demand draft
or theti taken in such realization
ai loans are at the sde d scretion of axis bank. i/we have read and understood dause 4.3 of the personal loan agreement regarding non-d sbursement of the on a/c of
non-fufill ment d the documents/f malities as required by the bank and agree wit the same.
name of the applicant(s)
s gn. date location
dse/ dsa s gn. dse/ dsa name
dse/ dsa phone no location
3


=== PAGE 4 ===

most i mportant information
attention rease read caref bef ore signing
acknowledgement form
appid
axis banks copy
(for ofice use only)
i/ refer tofind appicationfor no. dated submitted by me/ us to axis bank inited i/ we have been the fdlowing
or mation and have read and understood the dlowing or mation and agree the same and have according y fill ed up the aforesaid application m
nature of fadlity personal power
facility amount not exceeding
amount of eachtinstalment
no. of monthytinstal ments
first instal ment date
due dates f for stallments day of each month
rate of interest 1 years mclr %p.a spread %p.a effective rate df
interest %p.a, no reset.
processing fees (non-refundable) gst
stamp duty charges (non-refundable)
cheque bounce charges penal charges rate prevailing on date of defaut taxes as applicable
pre-payment / part payment charges em s 36 36
% charge 3% 2%
gst as applicable
pre-payment charges shall be charged on principal outstanding
part payment charges shall be charged the amount of part payment
i/ we acknowedgethat:
i/ we have not made any payment in cash/bearer cheque or kind along wth or in connection wthths applicationfor m
i/ we are aware of thefact that it is not mandatory axis bank toirfo meither in advance or subsequently of thelevy of any charges and/ or changei the evy or
introduction of suchlevy.
axis bankis entitled to add, to delete, recal thefadlityin event of default without any notice or modify any of the aforesaidter and conditions and the same shall
be binding on me/ us.
inthe event of any change of address for communication, any changeinjob profession by me or my co borrower, the same should beinti mated to the bank, one
mont advance.
no pre-payment charges will be applicable after 1 year if the case meets al thelisted scenari os:
loan amount shoul be greater than or equal to 10 lakh rupees
loan must have been d sbursed on or after 20th jan 21
loan must get through own/self-funds (no external bt)
the case must have completed 12 em billing cyd e
however, part payment charges as per applicable grid will beleviedfar al loan amountsirrespective of ticket size.
all charges are non-refundabl and applicable post d sbursement of loan
interest on the personal power loan shall accrue fromt he date on which the d sbursa has been effed edintheloan account and accordingly the computation of thefirst em
shall be calculated only for the act ual number of days remaining for the due date of first install ment. for rest of the install ments the entire period of 30 days based on a pre
drawn schedule shall be taken into consideration the d sbursement of the personal power loan will be done by issuing the d sbursement pay order / demand draft or
other wise wt hout the bank concerning it wththe receipt of such d sbursement by the beneficiary/ recipient and a so the realization of such pay order / demand draft
or theti taken in suchredization
ai loans are at the sde discretion of axis bank. i/we have read and understood dause 4.3 of the personal loan agreement regarding non-d sburse ment of theloan on a/c
non-fufill ment d the documents/fa malities as required by the bank and agree wit the same.
name of the applicant(s)
s gn. date location
dse/ dsa s gn. dse/ dsa name
dse/dsa phone no location
4


=== PAGE 5 ===

agreement for personal power loan
ths agreement is made at the place date mentioned in the schedule at ached hereto bet ween borrower(s) whose name(s) is/are mentioned in the
schedu at ached heret of one part and the axis bank ltd, a body corporate, incorporated under the companies act, 1956 and havingits registered ofice
and central ofice at ahmedabad and mumbai respectively through its branch at the place as mentioned in the schedule (hereinafter called t the bank ) of the
second part. the expressions borrower and the bank , urless repugnant to the cont ext, shall ude their respective heirs, representatives, successors,
executors, administrators and assigns. the agreement, singular shall ind ude plura and the masculine gender the femrine or neutral gender. the expression
borrower shall, when morethan one, ind ude al d themcdledively or any of themind vi i dualy, the context may require
itis agreed by and between the parti as follows
1. defiritions and interpretation
1.1 inths agreement, thefdlowing capitalized words shall havethefdlowing meanings:
agreement means the personal power loan agreement
bank means axi bank ltd, a company incorporated under the companies act, 1956 and a banking company wth the meaning of the banking regulation
act, 1949 and havingits registered office at tr shul , 3rd h oor, opposite samartheshwar temple, law garden, blis bridge, ahmedabad - 380 006 acting in
these presents throughits branch at the place as mentioned the schedul b and udeits successors and gns.
borrower means one or moreindividua(s), singly or cdlectively, the case may be or a sd e proprietary firm whose name(s) and address(s) is/are stated in
schedule b executing this agreement as borrower(s) and
1. in case when the borrower is one or each one being deemed to have made this agreement individually and in case of morethan one, al
of them having agreed to liabilities hereunder jortly and severaly and the term borrower shall indude his/her/their respective heirs, executors,
administrators and representatives and per nitted
2 in case the borrower is a sd e proprietary the person whose name appears as a sd e proprietor and the borrower shall ind ude his/her/their heirs,
executors, and i representatives and per nitted
branch means the branch of the bank at the place mentioned nthe schedu b and wher the personal po wer loanis d sbursed and shall any other
branch wherethe personal power loan account is maintained or to any t at the d scretion of the bank.
em or equated monthyinstaliment shall meanthe amount payable month by the borrower bank comprising of interest, or the case may be,
principal andinterest.
personal power loan means the loans granted by the bankinter of this agreement. the expression personal power loan shall aso meantoind udethe
principal amount of loan and al dues and ngthere under if the cont ext sorequires.
savings account/s means the salary account/s of the borrower/s maintained wth axis bank s branch (if any).
interest rat e means the the bank shall compute and applyinterest the personal power loan, as statedinthe schedule b or as may be
amended fromti by the bank.
penal charge means the at he bank shall compute and apply charges on all amounts not paidwhen due payment (or mbursement) bythe
borrower bank, as statedinthe schedu e b or as may be amended fromti toti me by the bank.
parties means the bank andthe borrower referredto cdlectively.
schedule means the schedu of this agreement.
1.1.1 inths agreement, singular shall indude durd the masculine gender thefemrine or neutral gender.
1.1.2 any expression not defined herei shall, if defined under general causes act, 1897 shall carrythe same meaning as assigned t oit under the said act.
1.2 the arrangement of dauses agreement shall have no bearing on their interpretation
2 bank s agreement tolend and borrower agreement to borrow
21 the bank agrees, based on the borrower s request, representations, warranties, covenants and undertakings as contained herein and the application for personal
po wer loan and other documents executed or tendered by the borrower inreationtothe personal power loan, tolendtothe borrower and the borrower
agreesto barrowfromthe bank, the personal power loan ontheter ms and conditions as contai agreement and the schedule b .
22 the relationship ween the bank and the borrower as lender and borrower shall commence fromthe date of this agreement and subsist until al monies due and
payable by the borrower the bank under this agreement andin all other documents pursuant hereto shall have been dto and by the bank.
3. fees, charges, costs and oa ms
3.1 the personal power loan shall bear service charges and any other f ees as mentioned the schedu b , which t he borrower agrees tore the
bank separately.
3.2 the bank shall be entitled to recover fromthe borrower prepayment charges at the rate mentioned in the schedule b on the amount of personal power
loan, repaid by the borrower ahead of the repayment terms as mentionedinthe schedu b .
3.3 the bank shall aso be entitled to recover fromthe borrower any other charges or costsincurred or da suffered by the bank in connection wththe personal po wer
loan, induding on account of execution and stamping of this agreement and any other documentation or security creation pursuant toths agreement.
4. disbursement
4.1 the bank shall, urless agreed between the borrower and the bank other wise and as stated in the schedule b , d sburse the personal power loan by
issuing a banker s payment oder or a demand daft crossed as ac payee only
(i) inthe name of the previ financi er towards the repayment of the to betaken over by utilising the personal power loan.
(ii) he name of such party/ i es as per theinstructions of the borrower.
(iii) inthe name of the borrower at d screti on of bank.
(iv) the bank shall have an unconditional right to cancel the unavailed unused portion of the loan at any duringt the subsistence of the loan, wt hout any pri or
notice to the borrower, f or any reason whatsoever. in the event of any such cancellation, al the provisions of this agreement and al other related documents shall
continueto be effective and valid and the borrower shall repay the outstanding dues under the duy and punctually as provided herein
x
(sgnature of the borrower)
4.2 it is understood that the charges in to the d sbursement (ind ud ng charges f or issuance or for the cdlection d proceeds by the beneficiary on such
payment order or demand draft) shall be borne by the borrower.
4.3 the bank may not d sburse at any time, any amount under the personal power loan urless al the conditions and any other f or malities prescribed by the
bank thefdlowing but not restrictedto are complied wth inthe sd dscretion of the bank:
(i) the borrower s submissi the satisfaction of the bank of a certificate oyment fromhs/h employer and her financia statements;
(ii) the borrower s submission to the bank, post dated cheques/ bectronic cearing service mandate standing instruction mandate towards repayment
installments; and
5


=== PAGE 6 ===

(iii) any other document or witing the bank may requireinits d scretion.
(iv) submission of al the necessary approvals and pernission from the appropriate authorities induding but not li nit ed to approvals and certificates from
corporations.
4.4 the borrower shall repay to the bank the amount equatedinter of monthyinstal ments each by the day of each endar month or such part thereof
as shall remain due and owngtothe bank. the equated monthyinstal ment indudesinterest component.
5. interest personal power loan account
5.1 interest the personal power loan shall accruefromt he date on the d sbursa has been effectedinthe loan account and according the computation
of the em shall be caculated only for the act ual number of days remaingfo the due date d first install ment. for rest d theinstal ments the entire
period of 30 days based on a pre drawn sechedule shall be aken into consideration the d sbursement of the personal power loan will be done byissung
the d sbursement pay order / demand draft or d her wise wt hout the bank concerning itsef with the receipt d such d sbursement by the beneficiary /
receipient and a so redization of such payment order demand draft or theti metakenir such realization
5.2 interest on the personal power loan shall be computed and debited to the personal power loan account on the due date in each endar
month/quarter/haf year/year as statedinthe schedul b .
5.3 interest tax and other levies as may be appicab efromti toti the personal power loan shall be borne by the borrower.
5.4 the bank shall be entitled to debit all d her amounts due and payable by the borrower under this agreement (ind ud ng but not inited tax, f ees,
stamp duty, costs, service/prepay ment and other charges, daims and expenses) to the borrower s personal power loan account, urless separately
mbursedtothe bank by the borrower. such amounts shall f a mpart of the personal power loan.
5.5 all amounts in f a payment (i.e not paid by the borrower when to the bank) ud ng arrears of em, interest the commencement of em,
costs, charges and expenses debited to the personal power loan account shall atract penal charges andinterest and penal charges shall thereafter accr ue at
such revised r a (s).
5.6 interest the loan shall be computed and debitedtothe loan account taking the basis of 360 days a year.
5.7 interest the amount of the loan is to be applied at the fixed rate d interest stipu atedinthe schedu to the loan agreement. the of interest vill be
fixed f or the entiretenor of theloan
6. repayment:
6.1 the personal power loan (ind ud ng the principal, interest thereon and any other charges, prenium, f ees, taxes levies or other dues payable by the borrower
tothe bankinter of this agreement) be repayabl by the borrower tothe bank-
(i) at the branch (or at any other branch d the bank or at any other place as may be notified by the bank).
(ii) by way of equated monthyinstal (em) as mentionedinthe schedule b towards repayment of principal andinterest; and
(iii) by separate repayments towards repayment of penal charge, f ees, charges, taxes, da ms, costs and expenses charged tothe personal power loan account.
6.2 the equated ment (em) amount shall be arrived at so as to comprise repayment of principal and payment d interest cacuated on the basis
of theirterest rate, period aty, of repayment, d the entireliability under the personal power loan at the end of itstenor and the borrower agrees to
paying ems until al amounts due under the personal power loan have been bank.
6.3 no notice, reminder or inti mation will be given to the borrower regarding his/her obligation to pay the em regularly on each due date it shall entirely be
his/her responsi bility to ensure prompt and ti mely payment tothe bank. any or defaut in payment d any em shall make the borrower liableto pay to
the bank, interest at the penal interest (f or the period of such defaut) as mentioned in the schedule b , constituting a defaut thereby making al
sums under this agreement due and payabl to the bank forthwith whenever penal charges arelevied bank shall mate to the borrower the fact that penal
charges arelevied and thereason
6.4 all repayments d principal and payment of interest and al other amounts by way of em or d her wise shall be g ven effect to the personal power loan
account in wththe method of effecting payment as statedinthe schedule b or as adopted by the bank fromti me toti
6.5 repayments ahead of the repayment ter shall atract prepayment charges as statedinthe schedule b .
7. bank s r ghts
the bank shall, inreationtothe personal power loan:
(i) have the sderight at any me during the tenure of this agreement to revise/reschedu the repayment ter ms/ amount of em or of any other amounts
outstand ng there under and the borrower shall make al ture repayments tothe bank accordingto such revised schedul on being notified by the bank of
such revision or reschedu ement;
(ii) have the sderight to amend any of the and conditions d this agreement induding but not li nit ed to revision d interest rate (ind ud ng the penal
charges), period d diy d compound ngirterest, method of effecting credt d the repayments wt hout assigning any reason and the borrower agree that such
revision shall become applicabl efrom date the records of the bank;
(iii) have the right to receive and ust any payment/s that it may receive as an assignee of the insurance in relation to the property that may have been
provided as security and onthelife of the borrower towards amounts due and or payable by the borrower under this agreement;
(iv) be entitled to dsd ose any information about the borrower, his/her account reationship wththe bank and/or any defaut committed by hi m( (whet her such
irfor mationis provided by the borrower or obtained by the bank itself and whet infor m of repayment conduct, rating or defaults) toits head office, d her
branch offices, affiliated entities, reserve bank d inda any refinanding agency, credit rating agency and suchthrd parties as the bank may inits sd and
exd usive discretion, deemfit and proper. the bank shall aso be entitled to seek and receive any mation asit deems fit in connection wththe personal
power loan and/o the borrower from any thrd party, and
(v) be entitled to require the borrower, in the event of the borrower opting toresign or retire from t he employment pri or to the age of superannuation or is
d schar ged or removed fromservice before such date f or any reason whatsoever, toinstruct his/her employer torenit the entire dues (ind ud ng provident
fund, gratuty and compensation) beconing payable by the borrower from employer on account d his/her such cessation of employment and to
receive and appropriatethe same towards the borrower sliability under the personal power loan.
(vi) in case the borrower who has availed personal loan fromthe bank, changes its residential status, from a person resident in inda to a person dent
outside ind a the bank may at its sde discretion allowsuch borrower to continue sa dl oan till itsfind repayment subject to the satisfaction of the bank.
however, said borrower, shall ensure tothe repayment said loan shall be made out of inward remittance he/she received from outside inda or from
his/her nre/fcnr nrnr nronrsr account solong as the said borrower continues toremai a person resi dert outsidelnda
(vi) payment by mstake, acci dent or error
(a) the borrower hereby agrees and confir that inthe event the bank transfers or renits any money borrower or inits account by nist ake,
accident or erroneously, which moneyis, inthe eopirion d the bank, not due and/ payabl etothe borrower, the borrower shall be obigatedto and
shall, without any demur or protest, fathwith andin no event later than one business day of suchtransfer/remission or onfirst demand by the bank
(whichever is earlier), return and repay the said money he bankin amanner satisfactoryto bank. till such return and repayment of the said money by
the borrower tothe bank, the borrower shall ddthe same ntrust for the benefit d the bank, keep such money segregatedfromal other moneys of the
borrower and keepit freefromany attachment.
(b) the borrower hereby acknow edges and agreesthat any non-compliance of the aforesaid obligations shall be a breach of trust and fi dud ary duties on the
part d the borrower. the borrower hereby further agrees and confirn that in the borrower falstoreturnthe money wth the melines as mentioned
above, the borrower shall beliadeto payinterest on such money he bank at the samerate as appicab the loan grantedinte of this agreement.
6


=== PAGE 7 ===

(c) vmthout prequdcetothefaregang the borrower hereby agrees and confirms that the bank shall have the right to at its sd e and absd discretion (a)
debit any account or accounts d the borrower maintained wththe bank and recover such money, under intimation tothe borrower, and/or (b) recover such
money fromthefuture d sbursements (if any) d the loan.
(d) the borrower further agrees that such monev which has been transferred or remitted by the bank to borrower or inits account by mstake accident or
erroneouslv. shall be deemed to be a part d the tdd outstanding said dues pavable bv the borrower to the bank in of this agreement and other
finance documents, in case and till such ti that the said money has not been returned and the bankinthe manner as stated above
8. borrower s representations, warranties, covenants and undertakings.
8.1 wth a viewtoinducet the bank to grant the personal power loanto mher, the borrower, hereby represents/warrantstd/ covenants/ undertakes wththe
bank that he/she-
(i) has given complete and correct information and detalsinthe application for mabout h mself/hersef;
(ii) shall make availabl the bank such security (ind ud ng mort gage over the property) in suchf or mand substance as may be required by the bank;
(iii) has no pending d a ms demands litigation or proceedings against h mher before any court or authority (publicor private);
(iv) shall ensurethat the purposefa whichthe personal power loanis advanced by the bankis fufilledin al respects and produced to the bank, the necessary
documents, as may be required by the bank;
(v) shall in addtiontotheincome/ finand statement/s required by the bank furrish such other infor mation/ documents concerning his/her employment, trade,
business, profession or other wise as the bank may requirefromti retotime.
x
(sgnature of the borrower)
7


=== PAGE 8 ===

(vi) shall promptly and wt hout requiring any notice or reminder fromthe bank, repay to the bank the personal power loan in accordance the repayment
ter ms mentionedinthe schedu b ;
(vi) shall (in case d morethan one borrower) bejortly and severalyliad repay the personal power loan, interest and al other sums due and payable under
this agreement andto observeitsterms and conditions;
(vii) where applicable, shall he bank of anylikey change in his/her employment;
(ix) shall not stand surety or guarantor for any thrd partyliability or obligation
(x) being inlnda shall not leave afor employment or business or long stay without first fuly repaying the personal power loan then outstanding
due and payable wthirterest and other dues, induding prepayment charges, if any;
(x) shall keep mself/hersef aware d the rues d the bank, pertaingto personal power loan, fromti metotime.
(xi) the borrower shall, in case the borrower is a company/fir mibody corporate, notify the bank at least 30 days in advance of any intended a) change in
business, constitution or constitution documents or b) dosure of its busi or c) change in address.
(xii) borrower(s) i agree(s) to keep bank account (detals d the borrower(s)i has/ have submitted to the bank for setting up the sanding instruction/ nach
mandate to recover the em/inst ment) adequat funded at least one day prior to the repayment/ due date borrower(s) understand(s) and agree(s)
that if the borrower(s) fal(s) tofund the bank account as aforesaid and the standing instruction/ nach mandat falsto be honoured on the
due date, bank shall be at liberty to evy applicabl charges as per the loan agreement in addtion to the other rights avail the bank under this loan
agreement and applicable awregulat ory guidelines.
(xiv) inthe event of savings account/s of the borrower/s being d osed or being shifted from axis bank to any other bank, the borrower/s shall wthn 15 days of such dosure
or shifting of account, arrange to the satisfaction of axis bank any other aternative mode of payment d the installments either by way of bectroric cearing system
(ecs) or by submitting post dated cheques (pdcs), faling the bank would have an optiontorecal the outstandingloan of the borrower/s.
(xv) the borrower hereby acknowedges and agrees that the bank has a right to award a separate mandate to our audtor or any independent audita, as the
bank may deemfit with a ewto obtai a spedfic certificat regarding dversi phoni of funds by the borrower. the borrower agrees and undertakes to
co-operate wth such audtors and provi the necessary rf or mation and/or documents as may be required by such audtors. the borrower aso agrees and
undertakes to bear al the expendture nrespect of the sa certificate and indemnify and keep the bank ndemifie regard
8.2 the borrower ares, assure and states that, except as mentioned hereunder, the borrower is not a drector nor relative of any drector or none of its
directors/ partners / members (if the borrower is a company/ partnershi pfirm is a drector; d the bank or any other banks schedu co-operative
banks, subsid ari es/trust es of mutual funds/ venture capital funds; and the borrower is not a relative or none of its drectors/ partners/ members (if the
borrower is a company/ partnershi pfirm) d any senior oficer of the bank or of any other banks;
the senior oficer means an officer of the bank, who is in equival ent scale as an officer in serior management level in gade iv any officer and above in a
nationalised bank or any officer in equival scaleinthe sate bank of a and assoda banks andin any banking company incorporatedi a
theter m relative shall mean andindude any or al of the fdlowing persons: (a) spouse (b) father (c) mother (ind uding step- mot her) (d) son step-son)
schedule - a
sr. no. name of drect or (s) seni or officer(s) desi gnation desi gnation
1.
2
3
4.
(e) son s vmf e (f) daughter (ind step-daught er) (g) daughter s husband (h) brother (ind ud ng step-brather) (i) brother s wfe(j) sster step-sister)
(k) s ster s husband (i) brother (ind ud ng step-brother) of the spouse (m) sster (ind step-sister) d the spouse
the borrower makes the above dedaration emmly and sincerely the same to be true and knowing fuly well that on the fath and strengt of the
correctness thereof the bank has agreed to grant the facility. the borrower aso agrees that it is a condition d the grant of the fadility that if any statement
made wthref tothe aboveis foundto at any the bank shall a liberty and entitled t revoke the fadility.
or
the borrower that the borrower is e a ed the drector(s) and/or senior oficer(s) d the bank or d any other banks as specifiedin schedul e a hereta
8.3 the borrower agrees that heis not pep (pditically exposed person-are persons who are or have been entrusted wth prominent in af gn country e g
heads of sates/ governments, serior politicians, seri or nment/j military officers, serior offices of state owned corporations, i important pditica party dfidas
etc.) and undertakes that in event of subsequently becoming the pep, he will immedi ate mat the bank regard the same.
8.4 any pre-pay ment/excess amount paidby the borrower to the bank; shall be appropriated the oan account basi the bel owcriteria methodd ogy the absence of any
specifici instructions fromthe borrower:
a) excess amount greater than em: if service request (sr) f or part payment is not created/received wth 2 days of receipt d f unds, the excess funds will be
towards principal and part payment.
b) excess amount equal to( ) em: if service request instructions f or part payment is not created/received on same day of receipt d funds, excess amount vill be
refunded back to borrower s operative account.
c) excess amount less than ( ) em: excess amount will be kept unappropriatedi nthel account for 15 days; post 15 days the excess unds shall be adjusted
towards principal outstanding as a part payment.
9. events of default.
the bank may by a witten notice to the borrower, dedare al sums outstanding under the personal power loan (ind ud ng the principal, interest, charges,
expenses) to become due and payabl fathwith and arce the security (if applicable) inre the personal power loan upon the occurrence (inthe
sd decis of the bank) d any one or more d thefdlowing
(i) the borrower falsto pay he bank any amount when due and payable under this agreement.
(ii) the borrower falsto pay to any person other than the bank any amount when due and payable or any person other than the bank demands repayment of
theloan or dues or liability of the borrower to such person ahead of its repay ment ter ms as previously agreed bet ween such person and the borrower;
(iii) the borrower autsin perfor any of his/her obligations under this agreement or breaches any of theter or conditions d this agreement;
(iv) the borrower optstoresign or retires fromthe oyment pri or to the age of superannuation or is scharged or removed fromservice before such datefor
any reason what soever
(v) any of thei provided by the borrower to avail the personal power loan or any of his/her representations, warranties herei being found to be or
becoming incorrect or untrue;
(vi) any person other than the bank commencing proceed to the borrower insd vent or if the borrower shall become bankrupt or insd vent or commit
act d
(vi) the d the security (ind ud ng guarantee s) created or tendered by the borrower, the sd d scretion and decision of the bank, deprediates entitling
the bank to call for further security and the borrower falsto give additional security,
8


=== PAGE 9 ===

(vii) the bank shall have alien and right d set-off on al moneys belonging tothe borrower standingtotheir credit in any account whatsoever wththe bank. if
upon demand by the bank the ance and the gedt facility account is not repaid wth the prescribed such credt anceinany account
may be dues under the credt facility account. in case of any defi ot, the defi ot amount may be recovered by the bank fromthe borrower.
(ix) all amounts in for payment, due to or non-payment of em/instal ment or interest thereon any costs, charges and expenses or due to
occurrence of any other event d defaut shall be debited to the loan/drawal account and in such case bank shall evy the penal charges and other
charges as applicable and prescribedi nthe account for the period of defaut which shall be paid by the borrower.
(x) however, if borrower falsto make the payment of above said amounts in for payment or the penal charges and other charges evied by the bank
wthin 90 days fromthe due date of such payments, inthat case dloan/drawal account shall be d assifi ed as non performing asset ( npa ).
(xi) in order to regul the saidloan/drawa account, the borrower shall be pay al the above mentioned amounts in defaut and/or penal charges and
other charges, the case may be, oni ate basis
10. assi gnment and transfer.
10.1 the bank shall have a right to sell or transfer (by way of assignment, securitisation or d her wise) whd e or part of the personal power loan and outstanding
amounts under the personal power loan or any other rights under this agreement or any other document pursuant heretoto any person in a manner or
under suchterms and conditions as the bank may einits d scretion
x
(sgnature of the borrower)
applicablei cases where borrower is maintairing savings a/c wth axis bank
10.2 the borrower expressly agrees, nthe event of sale or transfer as aforesaid to accept such personto whom the personal power loanis transferred
as is/her lender and make the repayment of the personal power loan to such person as may be drected by the bank.
10.3 the borrower shall not transfer or assign his/her rights under this agreement.
11. banks appoint ment of agent.
the rights, powers and remed availabl the bank under law and under these present, shall be exercised by the bank through any d its employees or
agent and the bank may delegate any or al the powers and thorities to such or agent.
12 m scell aneous
121 if at any the bank is of the opini that the value of the said security guarantee prescribed/ provided for the personal power loanis not adequate or
suffident f or the purpose of securing the due repayment of the and moni due thereon, the bank shall be entitled to call for any addtional security by
notice in witing and the borrower shall be bound to comply wth the said notice and provide any addtional security satisfactory to the bank with 30 days
fromthe receipt of theletter.
122 the borrower confir the accuracy of thei mation nthel oan application and urt her confir that no material change or alteration hastaken place
subsequent tothe date of application which woul impact adversely the of amount granted by the bank in any manner whatsoever.
123 the borrower dedares and confirms that he/sheis not a party to any litigation of any material character affecting the security and borrower is not aware of
any facts to give to suchlitigation or any material da ms or enquiries fromany tax thorities or other statutory authorities.
124 all or any other conditions as specified in the most i important mation shall f or nirtegra part d this agreement and the most important inf or mation
shall ways be usedi in unction this agreement a al mes.
125 interest the amount d thel will be applied at the specifiedi schedul e b tothe agreement.
126 wt hout prejudceto any other ter mof this agreement, the parties expressly agreethat any payment made by the borrower he bank under this agreement
shall be appropriated by the bank the fdlowing order-
(i) costs, charges and expenses that the bank may expend to service, enforce and maintain the security and therefore recover the personal power loan,
interest and al sums due and payable by the borrower bank under this agreement.
(ii) interest on amounts in andloss of profit the defauted amount/s
(iii) prepayment charges
(iv) interest
(v) principal amount of the personal power loan
127 the parties agreethat any or omissi on by the bank in exerdising any of its rights, powers or remedes as the ender d the oan under this agreement
and other documents pursuant hereto shall not i impair theright, power or remedy or be construed asits waiver or acquiesce by the bank.
128 the parties confir mt hat this agreement andits schedu and any other document pursuant toit represent one single eement bet ween the parties.
129 this agreement super cedes al prior discussions and representations bet ween the parties, induding the bank brochure, save wth respect to the obligations of and
representations made by the borrower tothe bank set fathin any correspondence, applicationf ms or other wise made or agreedto be made howsoever.
1291 laws of ind shall governths agreement, the security and other document pursuant heret and courts havi ngjurisd where the branchis situated shall have
exd usivejuisd di on over all aspects governi the terpretation and enforcement this agreement, the security and other document pursuant hereto.
12 10 the addresses of the parties shall be as mentioned under the schedul b . the borrower shall fathwithirfor mthe bank of any change in his/her address
(current residence and office).
12 11 any notice or request required or permitted under this agreement to be given by either party the other shall be onlyi in witing and sent on the address of
the other party as mentioned nthe schedu b (or in the borrower, on the address of the borrower ast known he bank).
12 12 the fair practice code f or the lenders as published on the axis bank s website, shall apply to the loan. copy of the fair practice code for lenders as
available on the bank s website sbank. aut-source ce-code-f -lenders. pdf)
(i) if given by the bank, may be given by personal delivery, fax or by post and shall be deemed to have been served upon or recei ved by the borrower, if g ven
by personal delivery, when so delivered and if by post on expiration of days after the same has been delivered tot he post dficefor onward on to
the borrower under certificate of posting and
(ii) if g ven by the borrower tothe bank when it is actually received by the bank.
13. the borrower and that as a pre-condtion, relating to grant of the advances/ ther non-fund based credt facilities to the borrower and furrishing
of guarantee ations thereto, the bank requires consent of the borrower of the credt fadilities granted/ to be granted by the bank f or the dsdosure by the
bank of information relating to the borrower, any credit fadilities availed of / to be availed by the borrower/guarantor/s, obligations as assumed by the
borrower inrd and default, if any, committedir dschargethered.
accord ng y, the borrower hereby agrees and gives consent for the dsd ose/sub nit by ax bank of al a any such
(i) information and are to borrower(s).
(ii) thei mation or are ngt obligations in any credit fadility granted/ to be granted by the bank
(iii) default, if any, committed by borrower in d scharge of borrower(s) such obligation as the ax s bank may emappropriate and necessary to
and furrishto credt mation companies ( a cs). and any other agency thorized nths behalf by rbi.
(iv) financi irfor as defined in secti 3(13) of the sd vency and bankruptcy code, 2016 ( code f or brief) nrespect of edt/ nanci facilities
availedfromt he lender fromtime toti to any mation uility (i u as definedi section 3(21) d the code in accordnace wth al evant
regul ons/ru framed, amended and nforce fromti toti me under the code and drections issued by rbi fromti toti me and specificaly agrees to
promptly authenticat the nanci inf or mation submitted by the bank/i ender as and when request by the concerned
9


=== PAGE 10 ===

the borrower that theirformation and datafurrished by borrower/ me/ ustothe axs bank aretrue and correct.
the borrower undertakes that -
(i) the credt information companies ( o cs), information uilities (i u and/or any other agency so may use, process the idinformation and date
d sd osed by the bankinthe manner as deemed fit bythemand
(ii) the credt information companies ( o cs), information uilities (i u and/or other agency so authorized may furrishfa consideration, the processed
information and data or products thereof prepared bythem to banks/ financia institutions and other credit guarantors or registered users, as may be
specifi ed by the reserve bank of indiainthisbehaf.
x
(sgnature of the borrower)
applicable cases where borrower is maintairing savings a/c wth axis bank
14. al d sputes, dfferences and / or daimor questions arising out of these presents or in any way touching or concerning the same or as to constructions,
meaning or effect thereof or as to the right, obligations and li abilities d the parties hereunder shall be referred to and settled by arbitration, to be heldin
accordance wththe provisions of the arbitration and conciliation act, 1996 or any statutory amendments thereof, d asde arbitrator to be nominated by the
lender/bank, and in the event d death, unwillingness, refusa, neg ect, inability or incapability d a person so appointed to act as an arbitrator, the
lender/bank may appoint a newarbitrator to be asde arbitrator. the arbitrator shall not be requiredto any reasons f or the award and the award of the
arbitrator shall befind and binding on al parties concerned the arbitration proceedings shall be held mimbai/ delh / chennai / kd kat a
in wtness where of the parties hereto have set their hand on the day, mont and year hereinabove mentioned signed and delivered by the with named
borrower(s):
1. first_name_of_applicant
( borrower name) signature of the borrower
2
(borrower name) signature of the borrower
3.
(borrower name) signature of the borrower
signed, and delivered by the wthinnamed bank, ax s bank ltdthroughits authorized dfida.
ax s bank ltd, author zed signatory
10


=== PAGE 11 ===

schedule b - personal power loan agreement
branch: race: race date:
branch address:
first name father s/ husbands/ mddle name surname family name
applicant
resi dence address: office address
ofice_address
telephone number: telephone number:
e- mail address: e- mail address:
facility personal loan under the banks personal power sche me
facility amount rupees: (infigures)
rupees: (in words)
number d install ments
1 years mclr %p.a spread %p.a
interest rate effective rate of interest %p.a, no reset
processing fee rs. , gst as applicable
period dty of interest
compound monthy
repayment ter ms repayab accordingtothetenor by equated monthlyinstal ment (em) as stated be ow
equated install ment rupees: (infigures)
rupees: (in words)
(em)
em payment monthy
d every month commending from
by drect payment/s as fdlows :
1) po dd dreat f or rs
2) po dd dreat for rs
disbursement details 3) po dd dreat f or rs
4) po dd dreat a/c credt f fvg f or rs
5) po dd dreat a/c edt f vg
f or rs
6) po dd dreat a/c oredt f vg for rs
security details (if applicable)
em s 36 36
% charge 3% 2%
pre-payment / part payment gst as applicable
charges pre-payment charges shall be charged on principal outstanding
part payment charges shall be charged on the amount d part payment
repay ment instruction/ rs. 339/- per instance of d shonour d cheque / s/ ecs/ nach debitinstruction gst as
instrument return charges applicable
swap charges rs. 500/- per occasion of swapping of the pdcs/ ecs mandate/ sand nginstructions mandate gst as
(cheque/instrument) applicable
penal charges financia defaut : 8%p.a above applicabl einterest rateonthe over due amount (subject tothe
aggregate not exceed 24% per instance.
there shall be no capitalisation of penal charges.
the said penal charges will be subj ect to gst as per appicabl elawon goods
and service taxinlnda and gst will be charged separately.
11


=== PAGE 12 ===

finand a aut ind udes al types of payment or financia defaults/irregularities withrespectto your
loan account.
duplicate statement issuance
charges rs. 250/- per instance per set gst as applicable
duplicate amortisation
issuance charges schedule rs. 250/- per instance per set gst as applicable
credt information companies
( a cs) report issuance
charges rs. 50/- per instance per set gst as applicable
charges f or subsequent set d
agreement/documents where photocopy of loan rs. 250/- per instance per set gst as applicable
requested by borrower
stamp duty charges as per sate samp act
goods and servicestax (gst) will be char ged extra as per the appicabl erates, on al the charges and f ees (wherever gstis applicable)
no pre-payment charges will be applicable after 1 year if the case meets al the listed scenari os:
loan amount shoul be greater than or equal to 10 lakh rupees
loan must have been d sbursed on or after 20th jan 21
loan must get dosed through own/self-funds (no external bt)
the case must have completed 12 em billing cyd
however, part payment charges as per applicable grid will belevied f f or all loan amountsirrespective of ticket size.
all charges are non-ref undabl e and applicable post d sbursement of loan
not and anything mentioned above, axis bank can add, delete, modify al or any of the above af oresai dter ms condtions wt hout any
reference tothe borrowers.
signed delivered by the wthin named borrower/s, this schedul eto personal power loan agreement on the herei nabove mentioned
borrower / s name signature
applicant
co-applicant
guarantor
s gned delivered on behaf d axi bank ltd
name: sgnature
12


=== PAGE 13 ===

demand prom ssory note
rs. loan_ampunt_sancti oned .
on demand, i / we, jortly and severaly promiseto pay to ax s
bank ltd or
oce, thesmo r$
(rupees. ) toget her wthinterest
fromthe dat heredf, a ra_ percent per annumor such other ratethe bank may fixfromti metotime, compound r and payable wth
daily/ monthy/ quarterlyrests, for valuereceived
x
(sgnature of the borrower)
first_name_of_aplicant
pare:
pare
de stamp
the borrower has tosign across the revenue stamp dp note
d.p. note delivery cum waiver letter
to:
axi bank ltd
dear sr,
rease take delivery d the accompanying demand promm sory note dated for rs._ loan_amount_sancti oned
(rupees ) made by me/usinfavour of ax s bank ltd
i/ we do hereby a so waive my/our rights of the present ment of the aforesaid demand promissory note we further request youto not ethat we d spense wth a
notice of d shonour inter of section 98(a) d the negotiabl instruments act, 1881, and that inthe event of payment not being made on demand by me/ us the
axi bank ltd is at libertyto gveti for payment to me/ us wt hout d scharging me/us fromli ability.
the said demand promissory note shall operate as a continuing securityt to you to be orceable ef the repayment of the uti mate bal ance or al sums remaining
unpaid under the said cash credt / over draft / packing qedt/ loan faility (ies) now or hereafter; and i/ we aretoremai nliabe onthesad
demand promissory note not wt hst anding the act that by payment made int the account of the cash credt/ overdraft / packing credt / loan fromti metotime,
the said cash credt/ over draft/ packing qedt/ loan fadility (i es) may fromti toti me be reduced or extinguished or even that the bal ance of the said
account(s) may be at credt.
x
(sgnature of the borrower)
date
13


=== PAGE 14 ===

stand ngi nstructi on
from date:
to:
the branch head,
asc-
ax s bank ltd
ref : execution of s and ng instruction
dear sr,
this is in reference to the personal power loan d rs. _loan_amount_sanctioned , (rupees
) sandi oned to me by retail asset sal es center,
:
my personal power loan account no. is and customer idis
:
i authorize you to debit a sum of rs. em (rupees_
x
) on the of every month starting from
frommy savings/current account no. wth your branch
being t he monthy em to you.
thisinstrutionisirrevocade
yours truy,
for ofi ce use only
signature and account number verified
borrower name
for axis bank ltd
name:
oyeeld
borrower signature employee signature:
14


=== PAGE 15 ===

post- dated cheques coveri ng letter
to, dated
the branch head
asc-
ax s bank ltd
dear sr,
ref: facility agreement dated executed by me/usinfavour of the bank
x rease find end osed crossed post-dated cheques/ security cheques drawninfavor d ax s bank ltd (personal power loan account
first_name_of_appicart ) bearing the fdlowing particulars being submitted towards repayment of the
personal power loan availed from your bank. the post dated cheques/security cheques contain my/our authorized signatories genuine
signature, which shall not be d sputed by me/ us.
name of the dawee bank :
x :
m cr sort code (9 d gt) :
date of cheques =
cheque numbers :
s from to no. of cheques amount of cheque
1
2
3
4
5
i/ we agreethat the post dated cheques/ security cheques are given towards personal power oan repay ment/instal ments d the debt
due and payable by me/ustothe bankintern of the personal power loan agreement dated
in case of change of authorised signatory of the borrower, we undertake tored ace the cheques appropriately and the event of non-
replacement d the cheques bef the due dat es, we undert ake to honour the post dated cheques.
nreotreboros
signature of the borrower
15


=== PAGE 16 ===

di sbursement request form
to, date:
manager, race:
ax s bank ltd
sub: request for d sburse ment of my personal loan (app id: )
i have been sanctioned a loan of rs. (rupees
) by your bank. i request you to kindy d sburse the amount from my loan
amount as mentioned below.
1. details for d sburse ment through rt gs/ neft/i nternal transfer (markas naif not applicable)
particulars favoring details 1 favoring details 2
rtgs/ neft/ transfer
beneficiary name/ favoring name
bank name
bank a/c no
ifsc code - in capita letters
dsb amount (in rs.)
2 detailsfor d sburse ment through de mand draft : ( mark as naif not applicable)
sr dd favoring dsb ant (in rs.)
no.
1
2
16


=== PAGE 17 ===

3. insurance ( mark naif not applicable)
sr no. particulars amount (in rs.)
1 hdfc standard lifelnsurance
2 a her insurance (if any)
4. customer declaration -
a) for bal ance transfer loans: ( mark as naif not applicable)
i, (borrower name) have appliedfor a personal
loan wth your bank and woul dliketo aval the ba ancetransfer fadityto d o ose my existing personal loan
with (name of bank/ a). i authorize youtoissueloan
disbursa demand draft/payment instruction as per details mentioned abovein point no. 1 2towards
bal ance transfer topuploan. (as applicable)
i hereby, agreethat the oan d sbursa date woul be consi dered as the date on whichthe dsbursa
demand daft / payment instructionis madetowards the bank/ financier for bal ance transfer d existing
personal loan. the appicabl em will start as per em cyde of the bank based on the d sbursa date and
will not vary on account d any in processing of the top-uploan (if applicable).
i undertaketo submt necessary payment pai drece dosure proof f or the bal ance transfer payment
issued by you. i further undertakethat in case of any shortfal f or dosure of theloan wth my existing bank /
fi, post submission of the bt payment issued by you, the same would be paid off by me.
yoursfathfuly,
borrower name borrower s gnature
b) declarations for dual name and signature
i statethat thereis dfferencein my name/ s gnature and on my request axs bank ltd has
gone ahead wththe processing of myloanin spite of the dfferenceinthe name/ signature .
i hereby indemify and keep ax bank ltdfuly and effectively indemified from and against al
daims, demands, actions, suts and or proceedings that may be made or taken due to the said
difference name/ signature and against al loss or damagethat may be causedto and or cost,
charges and expenses that may be suffered or incurred by the said ax bank ltd as regards to
the dfferencein name/signature
i hereby confir mt hat boththese name/ s gnature done are as below
i hereby confirm that my name in the loan application should be read as
mr/ms
signature 1
signature 2
name 1
name 2
17


=== PAGE 18 ===

9 cassification as special mention account (sma) and non- perfor ning asset (npa)
(a) rbi vide its guidelines (reference no. rb/2021-2022/125 dor str rec 68/21.04. 048/2021-22) on
rudentia nor ms on income recognition, asset cassification and provisiong, pertaringto advances
carifications dated 12-11-2021 has darified and/or har monized certain aspects of the ext ant regulatory
guidelines. the borrower agrees, undertakes and confirms that the bank has brought the fdlowing
d arifications he notice of the borrower andthe borro wer confirms of having been apprised of asfdlows:
1.1 additional ter ms and conditions:
ter m loans bank will deduct my/our em and other repayment/char ges in terms of my ter m loan
account on of every month/quarter/haf year commenci from / /20 i understand that if i do
not pay my em on the above- mentioned date, my account will be considered as overdue fromthe end of
that date.
my frequency of repayment shall be at rests.
(i) dues: shall the principal / interest / any charges levied ontheloan account which are payabl
withinthe period stipulated as per theter ms of sanction of the credt fadility.
(ii) over due: shall mean the principal / interest / any charges levied on the loan account which are
payable, but have not been paid wthin the period stipuated as per the of sanction of the
credt fadity. in ather words, any amount duetothe bank under any credt fadilityis overdue if it is
not paid by t the due datefixed by the bank.
(iii) relevance of the principle of first in first out (afo) in appropriation of payments intothe
borrower s account: the principle of afoi.e first in, first out accounting methodis evant to
arrive at the number of days over due for determing the sma npa status. the rfo principle
assumes that the d dest outstanding dues intheloan account needs to be dearedfirst. the rfo
method thus requires that what is duefirst must be paid by the borrower first. for example, if in any
loan account as on 01-02-2021, there are no overdues and an amount d inr xis duefor payment
towards principal instal ment interest / charges, any payment being credted on or after 01-02-2021
intheloan account will be used to pay off the dues outstanding on 01-02-2021.
assuming that nothingis paid / or there is partid payment (inr y) d dues during the month of
february, the over due as on 01-03-2021 will bel nr x-inry.
additionally, an amount of inr z becomes due as on 01-03-2021. now any payment partid payment
irtothe account on or after 01-03-2021 will befirst utilized to pay df the partid due of 01-02-2021
(inr x- inr y). if thereis more recovery than the nr x- inr y, then after recovering dues of 01-
02-2021, theremaing amount will betreated as recovery towards due d 01-03-2021.
(iv) age of d dest dues:
the age of d dest dues is reckoned in days fromthe date on which the d dest payment is due and
continues to remain unpaid in the aforesa dillustration, if the dues relating to 01-02-2021 remain
unpaid till 01-03-2021, the age of the d dest dues is reckoned as 29 days on 02-03-2021.
(b) assification as special mention account (sma) and non- perfor ning asset (npa)
lending institutions will recognize the indipent stress in loan accounts, i mmedately on default, by
dassifying them as special mention accounts (sma). the basis d d assification of sma/ npa category
shall be as f dl ows:
18


=== PAGE 19 ===

loans other than d vi ng facilities loansinthe nature of cash credit/ over dr aft
sma sub basisfa d assification - sma sub- basisfa dassification - outstanding
categories principal arinterest categories bal ance remai ns nuousl yin excess of
payment or any other the sanctioned li nit or drawing power,
amount whdly or partly chever islower, f or a period d:
overdue
sma 0 up to 30 days na na
sma 1 morethan 30 days and sma 1 morethan 30 days and
to 60 days up to 60 days
sma 2 morethan 60 days and sma 2 morethan 60 days and
up to 90 days up to 90 days
(c) non-perf or ning asset:
non- perfor ning asset (npa) is aloan or an advance where:
(i) interest and/or insta ment of principal remains over due for a period of morethan 90 days respect
of ater ml oan,
(ii) the account remains out of order asindcated inrespect of an overdraft / cash credit (od/
cc),
(iii) the bill remains over due for a period of more than 90 days in the case of bills purchased and
d scounted,
(iv) the instal ment d principal or interest thereon remains over due for t wo crop seasons for short
duration crops
(v) the ment d principal or interest thereon remains over due f or one crop season for long
duration crops.
(vi) the amount d liquidty facility remains outstanding for more than 90 days, in respect of a
securitisation transaction undertaken in terms of the reserve bank of inda (securitisation of
standard assets) drections, 2021.
(vi) in respect d derivative transactions, the over due receivables representing positive mark-to- market
value of a derivative contract, if these remain unpaid for a period of 90 days from the specified due
datefor payment
(d) out of order status:
an account shall betreated as out d order if:
(i) the outstanding bal ance in the cc od account remains continuously in excess d the sanctioned
li nit/drawing power f or 90 days, or
(ii) the and ba ance nthe cc od account isless than the sancti oned i nit/drawing power but there
are no credts inuously f or 90 days, or the and bal ance in the cc od account is ess than
the sanctioned li nit/drawing power but a edts are not enough to cover theirterest debited duringthe
previous 90 days period
19


=== PAGE 20 ===

illustrative move ment of an account to sma category to npa category based on / non-
payment of dues and subsequent upgradation to standard category at day end process:
due dat of pay ment dat e pay ment age of dest sma / npa sma si nce npa npa dat e
pay ment covers dues in days categorisation dat e/ sma categorization
d ass dat e
01.01.2022 01.01.2022 entire dues 0 nl na na na
upt o
01.01.2022
01.02.2022 01.02.2022 no pay ment 1 sma- 0 01.02.2022 na na
or partly pai d
dues of
01.02.2022
01.02.2022 02 02 2022 no pay ment 2 sma- 0 01.02.2022 na na
or partly pai d
dues of
01.02.2022
01.03.2022 dues of 29 sma- 0 01.02.2022 na na
01.02.2022
not fuly pai d
01. 03. 2022 is
a so due at
eod
01. 03. 2022
dues of 1 sma- 0 01. 03. 2022 na na
01. 02 2022
fuly pai d,
due f or
01. 03. 2022 is
not pai d at
eod
01. 03. 2022
no pay ment 31 sma- 1 01.02.2022 na na
of ful dues of 03. 03. 2022
01. 02 2022
and
01. 03. 2022 at
eod
03. 03 2022
dues of 1 sma- 0 01.03.2022 na na
01.02.2022
fuly pai d, due
for
01. 03. 2022
not fuly pai d
at eod
20


=== PAGE 21 ===

01.03.2022
01.04.2022 no pay ment 60 sma- 1 01.02.2022 na na
of dues of 02 04.2022
01. 02 2022,
01.03.2022
and amount
dues on
01. 04. 2022 at
eod
01.04.2022
no pay ment 61 sma 2 01. 02 2022 / na na
of dues of 02.04.2022
01. 02 2022 till
01. 04. 2022 at
eod02 04. 20
22
01.05.2022 no pay ment 90 sma 2 01. 02 2022 / na na
of dues of 02.04.2022
01. 02 2022 till
01. 05. 2022 at
eod
01.05.2022
no pay ment 91 npa na na 02 05.2022
of dues of
01. 02 2022 till
01. 05. 2022 at
eod
02 05.2022
01.06.2022 01.06.2022 fully pai d 93 npa na npa 02 05.2022
dues of
01. 02 2022 at
eod
01.06.2022
01.07.2022 01.07.2022 pai d entire 62 npa na npa 02 05.2022
dues of
01. 03. 2022
01. 04. 2022 at
eod
01.07.2022
01.08.2022 01.08.2022 pai d entire 32 npa na npa 02 05 2022
dues of
01. 05. 2022
01. 06. 2022 at
eod
01.08.2022
01.09.2022 01.09.2022 pai d entire 1 npa na npa 02 05.2022
dues of
01. 07. 2022
01.08.2022 a
eod
01.09.2022
01.10.2022 01.10.2022 pai d entire 0 st andar d na na stdfrom
dues of account wt h
21


=== PAGE 22 ===

01. 09. 2022 no overdues 01.10.2022
01.10.2022
(e) the borrower agrees and acknow edges that the manner of d assification andillustrations of sma and npa
as providedin sub-d auses (a) to (d) abovein whichthe bankis requiredto d assify accounts as sma / npa
as per the various applicable regulations and issued by rbi fromti metoti me and
(i) the same is liabeto change / be modified as per the requirements of the rbi guidelines in the matter
issued fromti metotime. any such change shall beinti mated by the bank to the borrower fromti me to
time and the borrower agrees and acknowedges that such inti mation shall accordingy modify the
manner and illustrations provided herein wt hout a need for further amendment to the agreement or
require spedfic acknow edg ment d the borrower; and
(ii) the bank shall have the ght to dassify the account of the borrower wththe bank as sma npa as per
the applicabl e regulations / guidelines issued by rbi from ti me to me even though the manner of
d assification and the ustrati thereof are not set forthinths agreement or the sanction letter(s).
signature of oust borro wer.
22


=== PAGE 23 ===

d) rtgs/neft payment instruction slip
date:
to,
loan center,
axis bank ltd
dear sr,
sub: rtgs/ neft authorisationletter for loan d sburse ment- application i d
i ( account hd der name) authorize axis bank to credit the d sbursement amount tomy
account through bectronicmode as per the details g ven bd ow wthrespect totheloan sandioned to me.
remit the proceeds through rtgs (geater than or equal to two lacs)
neft (less than two lacs)
(tick the appropriate box)
beneficiary name
account number
bank name
bank branch location
fsc code
amount
i hereby ded arethat the particu ars given above are correct and complete
(borrower signature)
23
